If the country you are about to visit becomes the subject of a travel recommendation, this may affect your travel medical or cancellation insurance.
You may want to look at other governments' advice rather than your own, but these are primarily for their own citizens.
Examples include US citizens, who may face different situations in the Middle East than Europeans or Arabs.
The advisories are only a brief summary of the political situation in a given country.
The views presented are often cursory, general and oversimplified compared to the more detailed information available elsewhere.
Severe weather is a general term for any hazardous weather phenomenon with the potential to cause damage, serious social disruption or loss of human life.
Severe weather can occur anywhere in the world, and takes different forms that may depend on geography, topography and atmospheric conditions.
High winds, hail, high rainfall and wildfires are forms and consequences of stormy weather such as thunderstorms, tornadoes, cloudbursts and cyclones.
Regional and seasonal extreme weather events include blizzards, snowstorms, ice storms and dust storms.
Travellers are strongly advised to be aware of all possible risks of severe weather in their area as this can affect all travel plans.
Anyone planning to visit a country that could be considered a war zone should undergo professional training.
An internet search for the term "Hostile Environment Course" will likely turn up the address of a local company.
The course usually goes into much more detail on all the issues described here, usually in the form of practical exercises.
The course usually lasts 2-5 days and includes role-play based training, in-depth first aid training and sometimes weapons handling.
Books and magazines dealing with wilderness survival are common, but publications on war zones are few.
Travelers planning to have sex reassignment surgery abroad must make sure they carry valid documents for the return trip.
The willingness of governments to issue passports without gender (X) or documents updated to match the desired name and gender varies.
The willingness of foreign governments to honor these documents varies.
Searches at security checkpoints became far more intrusive after September 11, 2001.
Transgender people before surgery should not expect to pass through scanners and have their privacy and dignity remain intact.
Back currents represent returning waves breaking on the beach, often at the site of a reef, etc.
Because of the underwater topology, the backwash is concentrated in a few deeper sections, and it is here that a fast current can build up into deep water.
Most deaths occur due to fatigue from trying to swim back upstream, which can be impossible.
Once out of the current, swimming back is no more difficult than usual.
Try to head somewhere where the current won't push you out again, or depending on your ability and whether you are spotted, you may prefer to wait for help.
