(PERSON11) But for some folders, for some reason, the audio format is wrong, so, something is wrongly –
Basically, the big trade, or something is wrong.
So, some files are still – still have weird output.
But – but for most folders, it should be already fine.
(PERSON1) Okay, thanks.
(PERSON6) Yeah, that's great.
I support this, it's great that, [PERSON7], you have thought of [PERSON11].
And [PERSON11] now has the time.
There are other things where I was thinking of [PERSON11] and that would be training of, empty systems, so that they do the shortening.
So, if you, [PERSON11], had the time.
Obviously, there is no way we could do it for next week.
But we should really have the system – ready for –
I looked at the tutorial from the NLP – was it?
(PERSON6) For the upcoming sessions and I've asked about demand because I've seen the (meme) project demo.
They do offline subtitling.
So, that's slightly easier than what we do.
They still have the same segmentation issues and so on.
But their mission in translation is shortening simply because the data is shortening.
And that's because their target size is the subtitles, which are created for the hearing-impaired.
So, there is like a natural shortening in the data.
It'd be great if we could also locate such a type of data where there is some natural shortening happening.
We would put it in the architecture.
(PERSON8) That takes a bit of time, because I need to figure out which one is the one which is getting passes.
So, once I know that, I can keep a track of it, so, for the future –
Or actually, for future I would not need it, because once I have the web file, I probably won't need to do a convert.
(PERSON6) Well, this, this should actually be –
Can you still hear me?
The sound quality is a little worse.
So, this should really be done, all the time.
So, every time we run this evaluation, it should be run from scratch.
So, every time, there should be a fresh download of a fresh conversion and a fresh evaluation.
(PERSON8) But still, if I am keeping track of the files that need to be manually converted, so that I can write a script, and it could take care of the known ones at least, and of course, if we add some new files, I can see for that later.
(PERSON6) So this is an important thing that we should have come across months ago.
Remember, it is since August that I've been telling you that we want to evaluate on a later test set.
And every time, you all...
It is not just you personally, [PERSON8].
There were other things, obviously.
But every time you thought about that, you thought "this will be easy, we will just run it".
And only when you actually do it, do you see all the problems.
So, this is known, common.
It is always like that.
So that's a message for everybody.
Before you try, you never know what the problem will be.
So, for example, the call that I had, in which someone was interviewing me, so they wanted to record the video.
Zoom never worked as badly for me as it did today for the recording.
So, before you do it, you cannot say whether it will work or not.
And here we are running into the problems of conversion of the file formats.
So, hopefully, we will be able to quickly get the numbers.
So, do you have any word error rates so far?
(PERSON8) No, I have not processed it.
So [PERSON1] said that, once, they get the transcript, we will do it together.
