(PERSON2) So again, I mean to make it humanly readable.
Because this flickering is really annoying and then you lose focus on what was actually said, because maybe this is also a question of someone who knows more about the human brain and how we work with information.
Sorry, I never thought about it in depth.
But I think that whenever I see a word, I put it into my memory and my memory is not a linear thing, but it's more like a bag.
So, I put a word into a bag.
And I like to connect the things in the bag to get the overall image of the word.
And I think that that's the problem with the flicker.
If you translate something and then you change it, then actually I read it already, it's in my brain.
And then I lose focus and control of what was actually then translated as correct and was not what was not.
So that's why I think that the whole flicker thing is bad and stupid by definition.
Like I see the motivation, like you want to display everything you have.
Even though you cannot promise it's good.
But I think that we cannot work with this extra information.
And I think that maybe the problem is that the systems are created by people working with it.
If I'm a developing a system, then I'm really crazy happy if I see that even if I don't promise the translation is correct, I still show it and it's somehow good, but I think that the developer is not really focusing on the content itself.
And how you perceive the content, but rather that, oh yeah, my system can output it really quickly.
And even though it just guesses the quality is okay-ish, I think maybe that's why the retranslation was created.
Just the developers of the systems are eager to display information, and I think that because we are limited in in like the vol e of information we can perceive some time, we like see the extra information is just an extra burden for us.
So, I think that it's not good to show extra.
Like if you want to decrease latency, then instead of flicker, just lower the quality.
I think that's still better than showing the flicker.
Because what would be the real use case?
Why would you need to see the unstable hypothesis, really?
Like from a user perspective?
(PERSON1) Like technically, when human translators start translating, I mean the goal even there is for annotators, they would try to follow the speech string of the original speaker.
So, there are times when they would say something, and that would be wrong, so they would just correct themselves.
(PERSON2) Well but yeah this means with my solution, like you would not do flicker, but you committed, like there is no way to change, but you correct yourself.
And that's actually what the translators are doing.
