Loved Collins...
It took a while to warm up to Grady
3 1/2 Stars Remedy is a brothers best friend romance as well as a second chance romance mixed into one.
It's a unique story, and the hero (Grady) has to do everything to get Collins back and prove he's the guy for her.
Three years ago, Grady and Collins had an amazing night together.
Collins thought she was finally getting everything she dreamed of, her brothers best friend... but when she woke up alone the next morning, and never heard from her, things definitely changed.
Now Grady is back, and he's not leaving, and he's doing everything in his power to prove to her why he left, and that he's not giving her up this time around.
While I loved the premise of this story, and at times Grady, he really got on my nerves.
I totally understand his reasoning for leaving that night, but to not even send a letter to Collins explaining himself?
To leave her wondering and hurt for all those years, and then expect her to welcome him back with open arms?
Was he delusional?!
Collins was right to be upset, angry, hurt, etc.
She was right to put up a fight with him when he wanted her back and to move forward.
I admire her will power, because Grady was persistent.
I loved Collins in this book, she was strong, and she guarded her heart, and I admired her for that.
Sure she loved Grady, but she was scared, and hesitant to let him back in her life, who wouldn't be after what he did to her?
Her character was definitely my favorite out of the two.
She definitely let things go at the pace she wanted, and when she was ready to listen, she listened.
There is a lot of angst in this book, and I did enjoy watching these two reconnect when Collins started to forgive Grady, I just wish Grady would have not come off as so whiney and would have been a little more understanding.
He kept saying he understood, but at times he was a little too pushy to me, and then he was sweet towards the end.
I ended up loving him just as much as Collins, but in the beginning of the book, I had a hard time reading his points of view because I couldn't connect with his character.
The first part of this book, was not my favorite, but he second part?
I adored, hence my rating.
If you like second chance, and brothers best friend romances, you may really enjoy this book, I just had a hard time with Grady at first and how he handled some of the things he did.
