Tim Sherwood tears into £44m signing Pedro Porro after dismal Tottenham debut
Porro had an afternoon to forget against Leicester (Picture: Getty)
Tim Sherwood tore into Pedro Porro's "absolutely disgusting" defending during Tottenham's 4-1 defeat to Leicester City.
Spurs signed the right-back from Sporting CP on transfer deadline day on an initial loan deal for £5million with the obligation to buy this summer for £39million.
The 23-year-old was handed his debut by Antonio Conte on Saturday at the King Power Stadium with his side taking the lead after 14 minutes through Rodrigo Bentancur.
But it turned into an miserable afternoon with Nampalys Mendy, James Maddison and Kelechi Iheanacho all scoring to give Leicester a 3-1 at half-time with Porro enduring a torrid first-half in the Premier League.
The Spaniard was at fault again as Leicester thought they had added a fourth through Barnes and while the goal was ruled out for offside, former Spurs manager Sherwood was left shocked by the full-back's defensive efforts.
"I don't want to keep picking on the kid but he needs to be relieved of his duties," Sherwood told Soccer Saturday.
I'll give him the benefit of the doubt because it is his debut but Pedro Porro is no bad it is unbelievable.
His positioning is absolutely disgusting, Barnes and Maddison are destroying him down the left hand side.
Daniel Levy was saying this week, they have spent a lot of money, yes they have, but their recruitment has been very poor and this is the latest addition.
Let's not make any conclusions at the moment but what I am looking at is a player who does not want to defend.
More: Premier League
"Antonio Conte has complained about the defending and this player, at the moment is struggling to defend. He is up against very good players in Barnes and Maddison but it is very disappointing."
While the goal was ruled out, Leicester restored their 4-1 lead with Barnes on target nine minutes from full-time.
Despite beating Manchester City last week, Tottenham missed the chance to move ahead of Newcastle into third place.
MORE: Jimmy Floyd Hasselbaink tells Chelsea not to sign Joao Felix and swoop for Tottenham star instead
MORE: Tottenham set to bid for Crystal Palace star Marc Guehi but Chelsea have unofficial buy-back option
For more stories like this, check our sport page.
Follow Metro Sport for the latest news on Facebook, Twitter and Instagram.
