USA Gymnastics supports the letter from the United States Olympic Committee and endorses the need for the Olympic family to promote a safe environment for all athletes.
We agree with the USOC's assertion that the best interests of our athletes, our clubs and their sport would be better served by a significant change in our organization rather than a withdrawal of certification.
The USA Gymnastics Federation supports an independent investigation that can bring to light how the level of abuse so boldly described by Larry Nassar's victims went undetected for so long, and will embrace any necessary and appropriate changes.
USA Gymnastics and the USOC share the same goal of making gymnastics and other sports as safe as possible so that athletes can pursue their dreams in a safe, positive and inspiring environment.
Giancarlo Fisichella lost control of his car and retired shortly after the start.
His team-mate Fernando Alonso led most of the race, but it ended just after the pit stop, probably due to a badly fixed right front wheel.
Michael Schumacher retired shortly after Alonso due to suspension damage caused by numerous overtakes during the race.
The Olympic gold medallist was due to compete in the 100m and 200m freestyle and three relay events at the Commonwealth Games, but his fitness is in doubt due to complaints.
She has not been able to take the medication she needs to overcome the pain as it is banned at the Olympics.
"There is no extra transport provided and ground trains do not stop at Wembley, plus there are no surface car parks and 'park and ride' facilities."
Amid fears of a lack of transport, the possibility was raised that the game would have to be played behind closed doors without team supporters.
The Cochamo Valley, Chile's main climbing destination known as Yosemite in South America, is home to a variety of large granite rock walls and cliff traps.
From the tops of the crags you can enjoy breathtaking views. Mountaineers from all over the world are continually carving new trails on the rock faces of this endless potential.
Mountain snow sports, which include skiing and snowboarding, are popular sports that involve descending snow-covered terrain on skis or snowboards attached to the feet.
Skiing is a major travel activity among many enthusiasts, sometimes known as 'ski-bums', who plan their entire holiday around skiing in one particular location.
Skiing is very old - skiers have been depicted in cave paintings as far back as 5000 years BC!
Cross-country skiing as a sport dates back as far as the 17th century, and in 1861 the Norwegians opened the first recreational ski club in Australia.
Hiking on snowshoes: also known as wilderness skiing, ski touring or ski touring.
It is related to, but does not usually include, mountain skiing or mountain climbing. Mountaineering or mountain climbing is usually done on steeply sloping terrain and requires much stiffer skis and boots.
Think of a ski trail as a similar hiking trail.
In good conditions, you can cover somewhat greater distances than walking, but despite well-maintained trails, you will very rarely achieve a cross-country skiing speed similar to that of a backpackless run.
