USA Gymnastics supports the letter from the United States Olympic Committee and agrees with the Olympic family's absolute need to promote a safe environment for all our athletes.
We agree with the United States Olympic Committee's statement that the interests of our athletes, clubs and their sports will be better represented if we move forward with meaningful changes within the organization rather than decertification.
USA Gymnastics supports an independent investigation that may shed light on how such gross abuse, as bravely described by Larry Nassar's victims, could have gone unnoticed for so long and welcomes any necessary and appropriate changes.
USA Gymnastics and the United States Olympic Committee share a common goal - to ensure that gymnastics and other sports are as safe as possible so that athletes can pursue their dreams in a safe, positive and confidence-building environment.
Giancarlo Fisichella lost control of his car and finished the race shortly after it started.
His team-mate Fernando Alonso was leading for most of the race, but ended it immediately after a pit stop, probably due to a badly placed front right wheel.
Michael Schumacher finished his race just behind Alonso due to suspension damage sustained during the many battles during the race.
The Olympic gold medallist was due to swim the 100m and 200m freestyle and three relays at the Commonwealth Games, but his fitness was questionable due to his problems.
He was not allowed to take the medication he needs to relieve the pain, which is banned at the Games.
No additional transport will be offered and overground trains will not stop at Wembley and there are no surface car parks or park and ride services.
For fear of a lack of transport links, there is a possibility that the game may have to be played behind closed doors, without team supporters.
The Cochamó Valley - the leading climbing destination in Chile with a variety of large granite walls and cliffs, called the Yosemite of South America.
The ridge tops offer breath-taking views. Climbers from all over the world are still establishing new routes in its cliffs with endless potential.
Snow sports, which include skiing and snowboarding, are popular sports that involve descending on snow-covered terrain with skis or a board attached to the feet.
Skiing is the main activity of backpackers with many followers, sometimes called 'wandering skiers', as they plan their entire holiday around skiing in a specific location.
The idea of skiing is very old - cave paintings depicting skiers date back as far as 5000 BC!
Alpine skiing as a sport dates back to at least the 17th century, and in 1861 the Norwegians opened the first recreational ski club in Australia.
Backpacking on skis: also called backcountry skiing or ski touring.
Although it does not usually contain elements of these disciplines, it is similar to alpine touring or hiking, which are carried out on steep terrain and require much harder skis and boots.
Think of a skiing trail as similar to a hiking trail.
In good weather conditions you will be able to cover greater distances than walking - but rarely will you reach the speed of touring skiing without a heavy backpack and groomed trails.
