Ottawa is a charming, bilingual capital of Canada offering a number of art galleries and museums that show the past and present of Canada.
Further south lies the Niagara waterfalls and in the north are still waiting for the beauty of the region of Muskoka and others.
All this and many others emphasize that Ontario is a foreigner considered a typical part of Canada.
Large areas further north are relatively sparsely inhabited and some of them are almost uninhabited wilderness.
Many people are surprised by the following data about the population: more African -Americans live in the US than Canadian citizens.
Casablanca is one of the least interesting places to shop throughout Morocco.
It is easy to find places around Staré Medina where traditional Moroccan goods such as are sold, ceramics, leather goods, hookahs and a wide range of cetek, but all for tourists.
Goma is a tourist city in the Democratic Republic of Congo, located on the eastern edge near Rwanda.
In 2002, Goma was destroyed by a lava from the Nyiragongo volcano, which buried most of the streets and especially the city center.
Although Goma is relatively safe, any visits outside the city should be well thought out with regard to the current state of struggles that continue to take place in the northern Kiva province.
The city is also the base for climbing the volcano Nyiragongo and offers one of the cheapest monitoring of mountain gorillas in Africa.
You can use Boda (motorcycle taxi) to travel around GOMMA.The normal price for a short ride is about 500 Congolese francs.
The Kruger National Park (KNP) lies in the northeast of South Africa and runs along the border of Mosambique in the east, Zimbabwe in the north and on the southern border is the Crocodile River.
The park covers 19,500 km² and is divided into 14 different ecoosones, each supporting a different type of wild nature.
It is one of the main attractions of South Africa and is considered the flagship of South African national parks (Sanparks).
As in all National Parks of South Africa, it is necessary to pay the fee for entering the park and a contribution to nature conservation.
It may also be beneficial to buy a wild card, which allows you to enter either selected parks in South Africa or all South African national parks.
