Ottawa is Canada's fascinating bilingual capital and features a wide range of art galleries and museums showcasing Canada's past and present.
Farther south lies Niagara Falls, and to the north lies the untouched natural beauty of Muskoka and the areas beyond it.
All of the above, and more, highlights Ontario as characteristic of Canada for foreigners.
The vast areas farther north are pretty sparsely populated and at times almost uninhabited wildlife.
A surprising population comparison to many: There are more African-Americans living in the United States than there are citizens in Canada.
Casablanca is one of the most uninteresting places to shop in all of Morocco.
In old Medina, you can easily find places where traditional Moroccan goods such as tagines, ceramics, leather products, hookahs and a whole range of different gadgets are sold, but all this is just for tourists.
Goma is a tourist town in the eastern part of the Democratic Republic of the Congo near Rwanda.
In 2002, Goma destroyed lava from the Nyiragongo volcano, which buried most of the city's streets, especially the city center.
If Goma is relatively safe, all visits outside of Goma should be studied in advance and understand the state of play of the ongoing fighting in North Kivu province.
The city also serves as a base from which to ascend the Nyiragongo volcano, in addition, it offers the most favorable opportunities to observe African mountain gorillas.
You can use a boda-boda (motorcycle taxi) to get around Goma. The usual (local) price for a short trip is ~500 Congo francs.
Krüger National Park (KRP) is located in the northeastern part of South Africa and runs along the border with Mozambique in the east, Zimbabwe is located in the north, and the crocodile river (Crocodile River) is the southern border.
The park covers an area of 19,500 km² and is divided into 14 different ecological areas, each of which supports different types of wildlife.
It is one of the main attractions of South Africa, which is considered the flagship of the National Parks of South Africa (SANParks).
As in all South Aarfika Natural Parks, this park is subject to daily conservation and entrance fees.
It may also be useful to purchase a Wild Card visitor card, which allows you to enter certain parks in South Africa or all national parks in South Africa.
