Ottawa is Canada's charming, bilingual capital and boasts numerous art galleries and museums showcasing Canada's past and present.
A little further south are Niagara Falls, and to the north we find the unspoiled natural beauty of Muskoka with its hinterland.
All this and much more puts the landscape of Ontario at the forefront as something that is considered typical Canadian among foreigners.
Extensive areas further north are quite sparsely populated, and a few areas are almost uninhabited wilderness.
Population comparison seems surprising to many: there are more African Americans living in the US than citizens of Canada.
Casablanca is one of the least interesting places to shop in all of Morocco.
It's not hard to find places around old Medina where they sell traditional Moroccan delicacies such as tagine, pottery and leather goods, water taps, and a wide variety of geegaws, but it's all for tourists.
Goma is a tourist town in the far east of the Democratic Republic of Congo near Rwanda.
In 2002, the city of Goma was destroyed by lava from the volcano Nyiragongo, which buried most of the streets and, above all, the city center.
Although Goma is safe enough, excursions outside Goma should be explored to understand the clashes that take place in North Kivu province.
This city is also the starting point for climbing the Nyiragongo volcano and for some of the most affordable mountain gorilla tracking options in Africa.
You can travel on Goma by bo-bo (taxi – motorcycle). For a short ride at the regular (local) price, you'll pay around 500 Congolese francs.
Kruger National Park (KNP) lies in the northeast of South Africa and extends along the border with Mozambique to the east, Zimbabwe to the north, and the southern border is the Crocodile River.
The park covers 19,500 km² and is divided into 14 different ecological areas, each supporting a different group of wildlife and flora.
It is one of South Africa's greatest attractions and is considered the flagship of South African National Parks (SANParks).
A daily entrance fee for nature conservation and tour of the park must be paid, as in any South African national park.
It might be a bad idea to buy a Wild Card that provides access to select parks in South Africa or to all South African national parks.
