Ottawa is a charming, bilingual capital of Canada and boasts numerous art galleries and museums that present the past and present of Canada.
Niagara waterfalls are a little south, and in the north we find unspoiled natural beauty of the Muscow with the hinterland.
All this, and many more, the Ontario province, puts to the fore as something that is considered a typical Canadian among foreigners.
Extensive areas forward to the north are quite rarely populated, and some areas are almost uninhabited wilderness.
The comparison of the population seems surprising to many: more African Americans live in the US than Canada citizens.
Casablanca is one of the least interesting places for shopping throughout Morocco.
It is not difficult to find places around old medina where traditional Moroccan delicacies such as tagine, pottery and leather products, water taps and a wide range of Geegaws, but all this is intended for tourists.
Goma is a tourist town in the far east of the Democratic Republic of Congo near Rwanda.
In 2002, the city of Goma was destroyed by Lava from Nyiragonongo, which buried most of the streets and, above all, the city center.
Although the Goma is safe enough, it is necessary to explore excursions outside the Goma to understand the clashes that last in the province of the North Kiv.
This city is also the starting point for the ascent of the Nyiragonongo volcano and for some of the most favorable options for tracking mountain gorillas in Africa.
You can travel with BO-BODA (taxi-engine) after a mound.For a short ride at the usual (local) price, you will deduct about 500 Congor francs.
The Kruger National Park (KNP) lies in the northeast of South Africa and extends along the border with Mozambic in the east, Zimbabwe in the north, and the southern border is a river crocodile.
The park covers 19,500 km² and is divided into 14 different organic areas, each supporting a different group of wildlife and flora.
It is one of the greatest attractions of South Africa and is considered to be a parade horse of South African National Parks (SANPARKS).
The daily entry fee for nature conservation and the park is paid, as in every South African National Park.
It might be bad to buy a Wild Card pass that provides access to selected parks in South Africa or to all South African National Parks.
