Ottawa is Canada's charming, bilingual capital and boasts many art galleries and museums showcasing Canada's past and present.
A little further south are Niagara Falls and to the north is the unspoilt natural beauty of Muskoka and its hinterland.
All this and more makes Ontario stand out as something that foreigners think of as quintessentially Canadian.
Large areas further north are quite sparsely populated, and a few areas are almost uninhabited wilderness.
The population comparison is surprising to many: there are more African Americans living in the USA than there are Canadian citizens.
Casablanca is one of the least interesting places to shop in the whole of Morocco.
Around the old medina it is not difficult to find places selling traditional Moroccan delicacies such as tagines, pottery, leather goods, water pipes and a wide range of geegaws, but all of this is aimed at tourists.
Goma is a tourist town in the far east of the Democratic Republic of Congo, near Rwanda.
In 2002, the city of Goma was destroyed by lava from the Nyiragongo volcano, which buried most of the streets and especially the city centre.
Although Goma is safe enough, trips outside Goma should be explored to understand the ongoing fighting in North Kivu province.
It is also the starting point for climbing Nyiragongo volcano and for some of the best mountain gorilla tracking in Africa.
You can travel around Goma by bo-bodo (motorbike-taxi). For a short ride at the normal (local) price, you will pay around 500 Congolese francs.
The Kruger National Park (KNP) is located in the north-east of South Africa and stretches along the border with Mozambique to the east, Zimbabwe to the north and the southern border is the Crocodile River.
The park covers 19 500 km² and is divided into 14 different ecological zones, each supporting a different group of wildlife.
It is one of South Africa's greatest attractions and is considered the flagship of the South African National Parks (SANParks).
A daily entrance fee is payable for conservation and park tours, as in any South African national park.
It might be a bad idea to buy a Wild Card pass, which provides access to selected parks in South Africa or to all South African National Parks.
