During the 1960s, Brzezinski worked for John F. Kennedy as an advisor and then for the Lyndon B. Johnson.
He advised Carter on foreign policy during the 1976 election, then served as National Security Advisor (NSA) from 1977 to 1981, replacing Henry Kissinger.
At NSA, he assisted Carter in diplomatically handling world affairs such as the Camp David Accords (1978); the normalization of U.S.-China relations in the late 1970s; the Iranian Revolution, which led to the detention of American hostages in Iran (1979); and the Soviet invasion of Afghanistan (1979).
Then on Sunday, US President Donald Trump announced in a statement issued through a spokesman that US troops would withdraw from Syria.
The announcement came after Trump had a phone call with Turkish President Recep Tayyip Erdoğan.
Turkey will also take custody of captured ISIS fighters, which European nations have refused to repatriate, according to the statement.
A car bomb exploded near police headquarters in Gaziantep, Turkey, yesterday morning, killing two police officers and injuring more than 20 others.
The governor's office said nineteen of the wounded were police officers.
Police said they suspected an alleged Islamic State militant of carrying out the attack.
Voting in France is traditionally conducted without modern technology: voters isolate themselves in a booth and place a pre-printed sheet of paper in an envelope, indicating the candidate they have chosen.
After officials verify the voter's identity, the voter drops the envelope into the ballot box and signs the voters' list.
The French electoral law contains a fairly strict codification of the electoral process.
Since 1988, ballot boxes have had to be transparent so that voters and observers can testify that no envelopes were present before voting began and that no envelopes other than those placed by counted and authorised voters were added.
Candidates may send representatives who then witness the entire process. In the evening, the votes are counted by volunteers under strict supervision and according to specific procedures.
I don't know if you are aware of this or not, but most goods from Central America come into this country duty free.
Yet eighty percent of our goods were taxed through tariffs in Central American countries. We'll take care of you.
It didn't make sense to me, it certainly wasn't fair.
I tell people you treat us the way we treat you.
California Governor Arnold Schwarzenegger has signed a law banning the sale or rental of violent video games to minors.
The law requires violent video games sold in the state of California to be marked with an "18" sticker and makes their sale to minors punishable by a $1,000 fine for each offense.
Cuomo, 53, took office as governor earlier this year and last month signed a bill legalizing same-sex marriage.
He called the rumors "political chatter and recklessness."
There is speculation that he will attempt a presidential run in 2016.
