During the 1960s, Brzezinski worked for John F. Kennedy as his advisor and then for Lyndon B. Johnson's administration.
During the 1976 selections he advised Carter in the field of foreign policy, then from 1977 to 1981 he worked as an advisor to National Security (NSA), where he replaced Henry Kissinger.
In the NSA, Carter helped Carter in the diplomatic solution of world affairs, such as agreements from Camp David (1978);normalization of relations between the US and China in the late 1970s;the Iranian Revolution, which led to the detention of American hostages in Iran (1979);and the Soviet invasion in Afghanistan (1979).
On Sunday, the President of the United States Donald Trump announced in a statement published via a spokesperson that US troops would withdraw from Syria.
The announcement occurred after Trump had a telephone call with Turkish President Recep Tayyip Erdoğan.
Turkey will also take over the security of captured ISIS fighters, which, according to a statement, refused to repatriate European nations.
The bomb in the car, which exploded near the police headquarters in Gaziantep, Turkey yesterday morning, killed two police officers and injured more than 20 other people.
The Governor's Office said that nineteen injured were police officers.
The police said he suspected the alleged Islamic State fighter from committing the attack.
In France, voting traditionally without modern technologies: voters are isolated in the cabin and inserts a pre -printed sheet of paper in the envelope, in which they present the candidate they have chosen.
After the officials verify the identity of the voter, the voter throws the envelope into the urn and signs the list of voters.
The French Election Act contains quite a strict codification of the course of the elections.
Since 1988, the ballot boxes must be transparent so that voters and observers can testify that there were no envelopes before the vote began and that no other envelopes were added than those inserted and voters.
Candidates can send representatives who are then witnessed by the process.In the evening, the votes are counted by volunteers under strict supervision and according to specific procedures.
I don't know if you realize it or not, but most of the goods from Central America got into this country without customs duties.
Yet eighty percent of our goods were taxed through duties in Central America.We'll take care of you.
It didn't make sense to me, it wasn't fair.
I tell people that you treat us as we treat you.
California Governor Arnold Schwarzenegger signed a law prohibiting sale or lending violent video games to minors.
This law requires that violent video games sold in California are marked with a sticker with the number "18" and to be a fine of $ 1,000 for each offense.
At the beginning of the year, 53 -year -old Cuomo began as a Governor and signed a law last month, which legalizes the same sex marriages.
He described these rumors as "political chatter and illness".
There is speculation that in 2016 they will attempt the presidential candidacy.
