Brzezinski worked in the 1960s with John F. Kennedy as an advisor and then to Lyndon B. Johnson administration.
He advised Carter on foreign policy in the 1976 election, then served as National Security Advisor (NSA) from 1977 to 1981, taking over from Henry Kissinger.
As NSA, he helped Carter deal diplomatically with world politics, the Camp David Accords of 1978; US-China relations in the late 1970s; the Iranian Revolution, which evolved into the Iranian hostage crisis, in 1979; and the Soviet invasion of Afghanistan in 1979.
On Sunday evening, US President Donald Trump announced in a statement issued by his press secretary that US troops were withdrawing from Syria.
The announcement was made following a telephone conversation between Trump and Turkish President Recep Tayyip Erdoğan.
According to the statement, Turkey will also take over the custody of captured ISIS fighters, who European countries have refused to repatriate.
A car bomb detonated at the Gaziantep police headquarters in Turkey yesterday morning killed two policemen and injured more than two dozen others.
The government said that nineteen of the injured were police officers.
Police say they suspect an alleged Daesh (ISIL) militant was responsible for the attack.
Voting in France has traditionally been a technology-free experience: voters isolate themselves in a booth, put a pre-printed piece of paper with the name of the chosen candidate in an envelope.
After officials confirm the voter's identity, the voter throws the envelope into the ballot box and signs the voters' list.
The procedural rules of French electoral law are quite strictly formalised in the law.
Since 1988, ballot boxes must be transparent so that voters and observers can witness that no envelopes are in the box at the start of the ballot and that no envelopes other than those duly counted and placed there by eligible voters are added.
Candidates may send representatives to observe each part of the process. In the evening, the votes are counted by volunteers under close supervision and following specific instructions.
I don't know whether you realize it or not, but most of the goods from Central America came into this country duty free.
But 80% of our goods were subject to tariffs in Central American countries. we treat you.
It didn't seem logical to me; it certainly wasn't fair.
All I am saying to people is that the way you treat us, we will treat you.
California Governor Arnold Schwarzenegger signed into law a bill banning the sale or rental of violent video games to minors.
The bill requires video games sold in the state of California to carry an "18" label and to be punishable by a $1,000 fine per violation for selling them to a minor.
Cuomo, 53, became governor earlier this year and signed a same-sex marriage legalisation bill into law last month.
He called the rumors political nonsense.
There is speculation that he will run for president in 2016.
