Brzezinski worked as an adviser to John F. Kennedy in the 1960s and then in the administration of Lyndon B. Johnson.
In the 1976 election, he advised Carter on foreign policy, then served as National Security Adviser (NSA) from 1977 to 1981, taking over Henry Kissinger's post.
As the NSA, he helped Carter deal diplomatically with world politics, the Camp David Treaty in 1978; U.S.-China relations toward the late 1970s; the Iranian Revolution, which evolved into the Iranian hostage crisis, in 1979; and the Soviet invasion of Afghanistan in 1979.
On Sunday night, U.S. President Donald Trump announced in a statement to the press secretary that U.S. troops would leave Syria.
The announcement came after a telephone conversation between Trump and Turkish President Recep Tayyip Erdoğan.
According to the statement, Turkey will also take over the surveillance of captured ISIS fighters who have been denied repatriation by European countries.
A car bomb detonated at Gaziantep police headquarters in Turkey yesterday morning killed two policemen and injured more than two dozen others.
The government reported that nineteen of those injured were police officers.
Police say they suspect the alleged Daesh (ISIL) fighter is responsible for the attack.
In France, voting has traditionally been a technology-free experience: voters isolate themselves in a booth, put pre-printed paper in an envelope with the name of the selected candidate.
After officials confirm the identity of the voter, the voter throws the envelope into the ballot box and writes his signature on the voter list.
The procedural rules of the French electoral law are quite strictly formalized in the laws.
Since 1988, ballot boxes must be transparent so that voters and monitors can witness that there are no envelopes in the box at the beginning of voting and no envelopes other than those properly counted and added by eligible voters.
Candidates may send representatives to observe any part of the process. In the evening, the voices are counted by strictly supervised volunteers who follow specific instructions.
I don't know if you understand or not, but most of the goods from Central America came to this country duty-free.
But 80% of our goods were subject to tariffs in Central American countries. We will treat you.
It didn't seem logical to me; It certainly wasn't fair.
I only tell people that just as you treat us, so do we.
California Governor Arnold Schwarzenegger signed a bill into law that prohibits the sale or rental of violent video games to minors.
The bill requires video games sold in the state of California to be labeled "18," and selling them to a minor would be punishable by a $1000 fine per offense.
Cuomo, 53, became governor earlier this year and signed the Same-Sex Marriage Legalization Act last month.
He called the rumors political lobby and stupidity.
There is speculation that he will run in the 2016 presidential election.
