In the 1960s, Brzezinski was an advisor to John F. Kennedy and later part of the administration of Lyndon B. Johnson.
During the 1976 elections, he advised Carter on foreign policy, and then, between 1977 and 1981, performed the task of a national security advisor (NSA), where he succeeded Henry Kissinger.
As a national security advisor, he helped Carter in World Diplomatic Affairs, such as the Camp David agreement in 1978;Normalizing the US-Chinese relations in the late 1970s, the Iranian Revolution, which led into the Iranian hostage crisis in 1979, and the Soviet invasion of Afghanistan in 1979.
The United States President Donald Trump announced late on Monday in a statement he made through a spokesman that the US Army would leave Syria.
The post was made after Trump's telephone conversation with Turkish President Recep Tayyip Erdoğan.
Turkey would also take over the guard of trapped Isis fighters, who, in a statement, refuse to return to their homeland in a statement.
The car bomb, which was blown up at the police station in Gaziantep, Turkey yesterday, killed two police officers and injured more than twenty other persons.
The governor's office reported that there were nineteen wounded police officers.
Police said they suspected the alleged member of the Islamic State (ISIL).
In France, the elections were always low tech: voters hide in individual cabins and insert a pre -printed piece of paper marked in the envelope.
When the officials confirm the identity of the voter, this envelope is submitted to the ballot box and signed onto the electoral directory.
French electoral legislation is quite strictly determined by this procedure.
Since 1988, the ballot boxes must be translucent so that voters and observers can see that there are no envelopes at the beginning of the elections and that no other envelope has been added, except for those submitted by properly registered and authorized voters.
Candidates can send representatives to observe all parts of the procedure.In the evening, volunteers, under strict control, count votes, taking into account certain procedures.
I don't know if you are aware of this, but most of the goods from Central America came to this country without customs.
Yet, eighty percent of our goods were taxed with duties in Central American countries.We treat you.
That didn't make sense for me, but it was certainly not fair.
Everything I tell people is, treat us the way we treat you.
California governor Arnold Schwarzenegger has signed a law that prohibits minors from buying or renting violent video games.
Following this bill, violent video games sold in the federal State of California must be labeled "18" and their sale to minors would be fined $ 1,000.
Cuomo, 53, performed the function of the governor earlier this year, and last month supported the law to legalize same -sex marriage.
He described the rumors as "political chins and nonsense."
It is estimated that he will run for president in 2016.
