Ottawa is the charming, bilingual capital of Canada, offering a range of art galleries and museums that showcase Canada's past and present.
Further south lies Niagara Falls, and to the north, the beauty of the Muskoka region and more are still waiting to be discovered.
All of this and more highlights that Ontario is considered by outsiders to be a quintessential part of Canada.
Large areas further north are relatively sparsely populated and some are almost uninhabited wilderness.
Many people will be surprised by the following population figure: there are more African-Americans than Canadian citizens living in the US.
Casablanca is one of the least interesting places to shop in all of Morocco.
Around the old medina, it's easy to find places selling traditional Moroccan goods such as tahini, ceramics, leather goods, hookahs and a wide variety of trinkets, but it's all for tourists.
Goma is a tourist city in the Democratic Republic of Congo, located on the eastern edge near Rwanda.
In 2002, Goma was destroyed by lava from the Nyiragongo volcano, which buried most of the streets and especially the city centre.
Although Goma is relatively safe, any visits outside the city should be well considered given the current state of fighting that continues to take place in North Kivu province.
The city is also a base for climbing Nyiragongo volcano and offers some of the cheapest mountain gorilla tracking in Africa.
To get around Goma, you can use a boda boda (motorcycle taxi). The normal price for a short ride is around 500 Congolese francs.
Kruger National Park (KNP) is in the northeast of South Africa and runs along the border of Mozambique to the east, Zimbabwe to the north and the Crocodile River on the southern border.
The park covers 19,500 km² and is divided into 14 different ecozones, each supporting a different type of wildlife.
It is one of South Africa's main attractions and is considered the flagship of South African National Parks (SANParks).
Like all South African National Parks, there is a park entry fee and a conservation contribution to pay.
It can also be beneficial to purchase a Wild Card, which allows entry to either selected parks in South Africa or all South African National Parks.
