Ottawa is Canada's charming, bilingual capital, with a variety of art galleries and museums showcasing Canada's past and present.
Further south lies Niagara Falls, and to the north they are still waiting to discover the beauty of the Muskoka region and others.
All this and much more emphasizes that Ontario is considered by foreigners to be a typical part of Canada.
Large areas further north are relatively sparsely populated, and some are almost uninhabited wilderness.
Many people will be surprised by the following population figure: there are more African-Americans than Canadian citizens in the US.
Casablanca is one of the least interesting places to shop in all of Morocco.
Around the old medina, it's easy to find places selling traditional Moroccan goods such as tagine, ceramics, leather goods, hookahs and a wide range of trinkets, but all this is for tourists.
Goma is a tourist town in the Democratic Republic of the Congo, located on the eastern edge near Rwanda.
In 2002, Goma was destroyed by lava from the Nyiragongo volcano, which buried most of the streets and especially the city center.
Although Goma is relatively safe, any visits outside the city should be well thought out given the current state of the fighting that continues to take place in North Kivu.
The city is also a base for climbing the Nyiragongo volcano and offers one of the cheapest mountain gorilla watching in Africa.
To get around Goma, you can use boda boda (motorcycle taxi). The normal price for a short ride is about 500 Congolese francs.
Kruger National Park (KNP) lies in the northeast of South Africa and runs along the border of Mozambique to the east, Zimbabwe to the north and the Crocodile River to the south.
The park covers 19,500 km² and is divided into 14 different ecozones, each supporting a different type of wildlife.
It is one of the main attractions of South Africa and is considered the flagship of South African national parks (SANParks).
As in all National Parks of South Africa, you have to pay a fee for entry to the park and a contribution to nature conservation.
It can also be beneficial to purchase a Wild Card, which allows entry either to selected parks in South Africa or to all South African national parks.
