Ottawa is Canada's fascinating bilingual capital, and there is a wide selection of art galleries and museums that introduce the past and present in Canada.
Further south is the Niagara Falls and the muskoka spreads to the north and the natural beauty of the areas farther away.
Everything above, and more, is highlighted by Ontario as a Canadian characteristic of foreigners.
Large areas of the far north are quite sparsely populated and at times almost uninhabited wild nature.
Many surprising to compare the population: there are more African Americans in the United States than there are citizens in Canada.
Casablanca is one of the most uninteresting places for shopping throughout Morocco.
In Old Medina, it is easy to find places that sell traditional Moroccan goods, such as tags, ceramics, leather products, hookahs and a whole row of different gadgets, but it's all only for tourists.
Goma is a tourist town in the eastern part of the Democratic Republic of Congo near Rwanda.
In 2002, Goma destroyed a lava from a volcano from the Nyiragongo volcano, which buried most of the city streets, especially the city center.
If Goma is relatively secure, all visits outside Gomat should be investigated in advance and understanding what the ongoing struggle in the North Kivu province is.
The city is also the base from which to rise to the Nyiragongo volcano, and it also offers the most favorable ways to monitor the African mountain gills.
You can use a Boda-Boda (motorcycle taxi) to move around Gomas.The usual (local) price for short driving is ~ 500 Congo Frank.
The Krüger National Park (KRP) is located in the northeast of South Africa and runs along the border of the Mosambique, north of Zimbabwe and the southern border is the crocodile river (Crocodile River).
The park area is 19,500 km² and is divided into 14 different ecological areas, each supporting different types of wildlife.
It is one of the main attractions of South Africa, which is considered the flagship of South Africa National Parks (Sanparks).
As in all South Az nature parks, everyday nature conservation and entrance fees apply in this park.
It may also be useful to buy a visit to the Wild Card, which allows you to enter certain South African parks or all South African national parks.
