Ottawa is Canada's captivating bilingual capital, with a wide range of art galleries and museums showcasing Canada's past and present.
Further south lies Niagara Falls and to the north lies the unspoilt natural beauty of Muskoka and beyond.
All of the above, and more, is what makes Ontario stand out to foreigners as a quintessential Canadian experience.
The large areas further north are quite sparsely populated and in places almost uninhabited wilderness.
As a population comparison that will surprise many, there are more African Americans living in the United States than there are citizens in Canada.
Casablanca is one of the most unattractive places to shop in all of Morocco.
In old Medina, it is easy to find places selling traditional Moroccan goods such as tagines, ceramics, leather goods, hookahs and a whole range of gadgets, but it is all for tourists.
Goma is a tourist town in the eastern Democratic Republic of Congo, near Rwanda.
In 2002, Goma was destroyed by lava from the Nyiragongo volcano, which buried most of the streets, especially the town centre.
While Goma is relatively safe, any visit outside Goma should be researched in advance and an understanding of the state of the ongoing fighting in North Kivu province should be sought.
The city is also a base from which to climb the Nyiragongo volcano, plus it offers the most favourable opportunities for viewing African mountain gorillas.
You can use a boda-boda (motorbike taxi) to get around Goma. The normal (local) price for a short ride is ~500 Congo francs.
The Kruger National Park (KRP) is located in the northeast of South Africa and runs along the border with Mozambique to the east, Zimbabwe to the north and the Crocodile River to the south.
The park covers an area of 19 500 km² and is divided into 14 distinct ecological areas, each supporting a different type of wildlife.
It is one of South Africa's main attractions and is considered the flagship of South African National Parks (SANParks).
As with all South African National Parks, daily conservation and entrance fees apply.
You may also find it useful to purchase a Wild Card, which allows entry to certain South African parks or all South African National Parks.
