The protest started around 11:00 local time (UTC+1) on Whitehall opposite the police-guarded entrance to Downing Street, the Prime Minister's official residence.
Just after 11:00, protesters blocked traffic on the northbound carriage in Whitehall.
At 11:20, the police asked the protesters to move back on to the pavement, stating that they needed to balance the right to protest with the traffic building up.
Around 11:29, the protest moved up Whitehall, past Trafalgar Square, along the Strand, passing by Aldwych and up Kingsway towards Holborn where the Conservative Party were holding their Spring Forum in the Grand Connaught Rooms hotel.
Born in Hong Kong, Ma studied at New York University and Harvard Law School and once held an American permanent resident "green card".
Hsieh implied during the election that Ma might flee the country during a time of crisis.
Hsieh also argued that the photogenic Ma was more style than substance.
Peter Costello, Australian treasurer and the man most likely to succeed Prime Minister John Howard as Liberal party leader has thrown his support behind a nuclear power industry in Australia.
Mr Costello said that when nuclear power generation becomes economically viable, Australia should pursue its use.
"If it becomes commercial, we should have it. That is, there's no in-principle objection to nuclear energy" Mr Costello said.
Roberts flatly refused to say about when he believes life begins, an important question when considering the ethics of abortion, saying that it would be unethical to comment on the specifics of likely cases.
He did, however, reiterate his earlier statement that Roe v. Wade was the "settled law of the land", emphasizing the importance of consistent Supreme Court rulings.
He also confirmed that he believed in the implied right to privacy which the Roe decision depended upon.
Lodin also said officials decided to cancel the runoff in order to save Afghans the expense and security risk of another election.
Diplomats said that they had found enough ambiguity in the Afghan constitution to determine the runoff as unnecessary.
This contradicts earlier reports, which said that cancelling the runoff would have been against the constitution.
The comments, live on television, were the first time that senior Iranian sources have admitted that the sanctions are having any effect.
They include financial restrictions and a ban by the European Union on the export of crude oil, from which the Iranian economy receives 80% of its foreign income.
In its most recent monthly report, OPEC said exports of crude had fallen to their lowest level for two decades at 2.8 million barrels per day.
The country's supreme leader, Ayatollah Ali Khamenei, has described the dependency on oil as "a trap" dating from before Iran's Islamic revolution in 1979 and from which the country should free itself.
The ACMA also found that despite the video being streamed on the Internet, Big Brother had not breached online content censorship laws as the media had not been stored on Big Brother's website.
The Broadcasting Services Act provides for the regulation of Internet content, however to be considered Internet content, it must physically reside on a server.
The United States embassy located in Nairobi, Kenya has issued a warning that "extremists from Somalia" are planning to launch suicide bomb attacks in Kenya and Ethiopia.
The U.S. says it has received information from an undisclosed source that specifically mentions the use of suicide bombers to will blow up "prominent landmarks" in Ethiopia and Kenya.
Today's announcement also extended the government's commitment made in March of this year to fund extra carriages.
An additional 300 brings the total to 1,300 carriages to be acquired to relieve overcrowding.
Accompanied by those officials, he assured Texas citizens that steps were being taken to protect the public's safety.
Perry specifically said, "There are few places in the world better equipped to meet the challenge that is posed in this case."
The governor also stated, "Today, we learned that some school aged children have been identified as having had contact with the patient."
He went on to say, "This case is serious. Rest assured that our system is working as well as it should."
Since Pakistani independence from British rule in 1947, the Pakistani President has appointed "Political Agents" to govern FATA, who exercise near-complete autonomous control over the areas.
These agents are responsible for providing government and judicial services under Article 247 of the Pakistani Constitution.
Nigeria previously announced it planned to join the AfCFTA in the week leading up to the summit.
AU trade and industry commissioner Albert Muchanga announced Benin was to join.
The commissioner said, "We haven't yet agreed on rules of origin and tariff con[c]essions, but the framework we have is enough to start trading on July 1, 2020".
Former Massachusetts governor Mitt Romney won the Florida Republican Party presidential primary election on Tuesday with over 46 percent of the vote.
Former U.S. Speaker of the House Newt Gingrich came in second with 32 percent.
As a winner-takes-all state, Florida awarded all fifty of its delegates to Romney, pushing him ahead as the front-runner for the Republican Party nomination.
Organisers of the protest said about 100,000 people turned up in German cities such as Berlin, Cologne, Hamburg, and Hanover.
In Berlin, police estimated 6,500 protestors.
Protests also took place in Paris, Sofia in Bulgaria, Vilnius in Lithuania, Valetta in Malta, Tallinn in Estonia, and Edinburgh and Glasgow in Scotland.
In London, about 200 people protested outside some major copyright holders' offices.
Last month, there were major protests in Poland when that country signed ACTA, which has led to the Polish government deciding not to ratify the agreement, for now.
Latvia and Slovakia have both delayed the process of joining ACTA.
Regarding the global financial situation, Zapatero continued by saying that "the financial system is a part of the economy, a crucial part.
We have a year-long financial crisis, which has had its most acute moment in the past two months, and I think now the financial markets are beginning to recover."
