All entrances to the cave, which were named "Seven Sisters", have at least 1,100 to 250 meters (328 to 820 feet) on average.
In infrared photos you can see how the temperature differences between day and night show that they are probably caves.
“During the day they are cooler than the surrounding surface and at night warmer.
Their thermal changes are not as stable as in the case of large caves on the ground that often maintain a relatively constant temperature, but this is in line with the fact that they are deep holes in the country, ”said Glen Cushing of the Astrogeological Team of United States Geological Survey (USGS) and the University of North Arizona, located in Flagstaff.
The Asus Eee PC, formerly worldwide for saving and functionality, has become a hot topic on the Moon of Informatics in Tajpej in 2007.
However, the consumer laptop market will be radically shaken and transformed after ASUS has been awarded the Taiwan Sustainable Award by the Prime Minister of the Republic of China in 2007.
Curtis Cooper, a mathematician and professor of computer sciences at the Middle Missouri University, has discovered the biggest known prime number on January 25th.
The discovery using various hardware and software was verified by several people in early February, announced on Tuesday.
Comets can be a source of water supply to Earth along with organic matter that can shape proteins and promote life.
Scientists hope to understand how the planets have been shaped, especially how the Earth has been formed since they had been colliding with the Earth of Comet.
A study published on Thursday in Science describes the emergence of new bird species on the Ecuadorian Islands of Galapagos.
Researchers at the University of Princeton in the United States and Uppsala said in Sweden that new species have evolved over two generations, although this process was expected to take much longer, due to the reproduction between endemic finches, Darwin's middle foams and immigration by immigrationCactus and cone -made finch.
