The entrances to all caves, called the Seven Sisters, are at least 100 to 250 meters (328 to 820 feet) in diameter.
Based on the change in temperature between night and day seen in the infrared images, these are probably caves.
""They are cooler than the surrounding surface during the day and warmer at night."
"Their thermal behavior is not as stable as that of earth's large caves, which often maintain fairly constant temperatures, but it's consistent with large holes in the ground,'" said Glen Cushing, a member of the Astrogeology Team at the United States Geological Survey and an alumnus of Northern Arizona University in Flagstaff, Arizona."
The ASUS Eee PC, which was launched around the world due to its quirky time ago due to economy and functional factors, has become a very topical topic during the 2007 Taipei IT Month.
But the consumer market for laptops is changing so radically after Yuan, the executive of the Republic of China, presented ASUS with the Taiwan Sustainability Award in 2007.
Curtis Cooper, a mathematician and professor of computer science at the University of Central Missouri, discovered the largest known prime number to date on January 25.
Several people confirmed the discovery using various hardware and software in early February and it was announced on Tuesday.
It is possible that comets supplied the earth with water, along with organic substances that were able to form proteins and support life.
Scientists hope to understand how planets are formed, especially how the Earth was formed, since comets collided with the Earth a long time ago.
The study, published Thursday in the journal Science, reported the emergence of a new bird species in the Galapagos Islands owned by Ecuador.
Researchers from Princeton University in the USA and Uppsala University in Sweden reported that the new species evolved in just two generations, although it was believed that this process would take much more time. Interspersed with the endemic dark-earth circus, Geospiza fortes, and the immigrant wilderness-earth circus, Geospiza conirostris.
