All the entrances to the caves, called "Seven Sisters", are at least 100-250 metres (328-820 feet) across.
Infrared images show the temperature differences between night and day, which means that they are most likely caves.
They are cooler than the surrounding area during the day and warmer at night.
They don't have the stable thermal properties of large caves on Earth, which often maintain a more or less constant temperature, but these are appropriate given that they are deep holes in the ground," said Glen Cushing, who is part of the astrogeology team at the USGS and Northern Arizona University, located in Flagstaff, Arizona.
The ASUS Eee personal computer, previously launched worldwide for its affordable price and functionality, was a hot topic at the IT Month event in Taipei in 2007.
And the consumer notebook market is set to be radically more diverse and transformed as ASUS receives the 2007 Taiwan Sustainable Development Award from the Executive Yuan of the Republic of China.
On 25 January, Curtis Cooper, a mathematician and professor of computer science at the University of Central Missouri, discovered the largest prime number ever known.
The discovery, announced on Tuesday, was confirmed by several people using different hardware and software by early February.
Comets could be the source that brought water and organic matter to Earth, from which proteins can be made and which make life possible.
Scientists hope to find out how planets form, and in particular how the Earth was formed, as it has been a long time since comets have collided with the Earth.
According to a study published Thursday in the journal Science, a new species of bird has appeared in the Galapagos Islands in Ecuador.
Researchers from Princeton University in the US and Sweden's Uppsala University reported the new species, which evolved from a cross between the endemic Darwin's finch, Geospiza fortes, and the immigrant cactus finch, Geospiza fortes, in just two generations, although the process was previously thought to take much longer.
