All cave entrances, called the "Seven Sisters," have a minimum diameter of 100–250 feet (328–820 feet).
Infrared images show temperature differences between night and day, meaning these are most likely caves.
In the daytime, it is colder in them than in the surrounding area, and warmer at night.
They do not have as stable thermal properties as large caves on Earth, which often maintain a more or less constant temperature, but are suitable given that they are deep holes in the soil," said Glen Cushing, who is a member of the astrogeological team of the American Seismological Bureau (USGS) and the University of Northern Arizona, located in Flagstaff, Arizona.
The ASUS Eee personal computer, previously launched worldwide for its affordable price and functionality, was a hot topic at the 2007 Taipei IT Month event.
The consumer laptop market, however, will be radically more diverse and changed because ASUS received Taiwan's 2007 Sustainability Award from the Executive Juan of the Republic of China.
Curtis Cooper, a mathematician and professor of computer science at the University of Central Missuri, discovered the largest prime known to date on January 25.
The discovery, announced Tuesday, had been confirmed by several people using various hardware and software.
Comets could represent a resource that has brought water and organic matter to earth, from which proteins can be formed and which support life.
Scientists hope to find out how planets are formed, especially how the Earth was formed, since it is a long time since comets collided with Earth.
According to a study published Thursday in the journal Science, a new species of birds appeared on the Galapagos Islands in Ecuador.
Researchers from Princeton University in Sweden and Uppsala University of Sweden reported a new species that evolved by crossing between an endemic finch of Darwin, Geospizo fortes, and an immigrant cactus finch, Geospizo fortes, in just two generations, although earlier it was believed that this process takes much longer.
