Indian government withdraws call for cow hugging on Valentine's Day after backlash
The Indian government no longer supports hugging cows on Valentine's Day, even though it previously requested that people do so in order to promote Hindu values.
The Indian Council for The Protection of Animals (AWBI) has withdrawn its "Cow Hugging Day" call after drawing criticism from political rivals and social network users.
Indian government authorities have urged citizens to move away from western romantic gestures celebrated on Valentine's Day.
Nilanjan Mukhopadhyay, a political analyst, said the call for cow-hugging was "completely insane, defying logic."
He added that the decision to withdraw the call was more to "prevent hindu (Hindu nationalism) politics from being ridiculed in the face of harsh criticism from all sides."
The AWBI board abandoned its challenge on Friday, saying the challenge "remains withdrawn."
Only on Wednesday, it said in its statement that "cow-hugging (would) bring emotional riches and increase individual and collective happiness."
More about India
The council adds that the cow is "the backbone of India's culture and rural economy... due to its nourishing nature as a mother."
The first announcement drew mixed reactions, as some posted videos showing the cows refusing hugs and running away.
Others wanted to clarify whether the challenge was more about following one's own culture than about "blindly" following Western values.
Young Indians usually spend Valentine's Day in parks and restaurants, exchanging gifts and throwing parties.
However, hugging cows is not new either - in some parts of the world it is considered therapeutic and in the Netherlands it is known as 'koe knuffelen'.
Devout Hindus worship a cow - known as gau mata, or "cow mother" - and most Indian states prohibit the slaughter of cows.
In recent years, some Hindu hardliners have attacked Valentine's Day merchandise shops, burned greeting cards and gifts, and chased couples holding hands from restaurants and parks, saying the day defies traditional values and promotes promiscuity.
Hindu nationalist groups such as Shiv Séna and Badzhrang Dal argue that these raids help reaffirm Hindu identity.
Critics of Prime Minister Narendra Modi say his government is pushing a Hindu agenda and seeking the dominance of this religion in a secular nation known for its diversity.
While Hindus make up nearly 80% of the nearly 1.4 billion population, most of the rest are Muslims, Christians, Sikhs, Buddhists and Jinnists.
I worry a lot about dadification.
Here's a brief crash course on what I mean by dadification:
It's not my concept, it's a term used in describing when a narrative or a game mechanic is built around the main protagonist (usually older, usually male) driving or guarding another person (often younger).
The Last of Us is an easy and canonical example of dadification.
Joel uses his skills and abilities to carry out (extreme) acts of violence in order to carry out the task he is described as 'caring'.
Dadification usually assumes that the solution to a situation where a parent has to care for or protect a child, or where they represent a child, is a tremendous force to force a very specifically shaped dynamic of force.
Dadification interferes with the possibility of common solutions and often completely ignores or undermines any activity of the child.
In this way, dadification represents many neoliberal ideals; especially ideas like bootstrapping and self-sufficiency as the ultimate goal or indicator of success.
A bunch of new shiny treats in #arrows
Over time, darts have become my goal for a fast user interface.
#flutter is a pleasure to work with and for easy store management they have #mobx.
The story of addiction is also less insane than nodejs.
Of course Flutter really sucks when it comes to behaving like a good native app (indeed everywhere, even flutter's site target sucks).
But it allows you to move quickly and is therefore ideal for small hacks.
Because for Interspeech, we could split it article by article, too.
So that some of the articles make it into the Interspeech proceedings.
And one of our submitted articles will appear later in the PBML proceedings.
And authors would be free to choose.
So we have to negotiate with either the SIGDial conference or Interspeech.
If they don't mind having some of our articles, considering these articles are due by the March deadline.
So there is an absolutely strict requirement.
And I don't think they can argue with that.
Because if the article is worthy of publication.
As if, it's just a bonus that the article contains some common outcome of a task that appears within a satellite event.
So, yeah, I think that's okay.
So we don't have to ask for a special session.
As part of the Interspeech conference, it's called a special session, we don't want that.
As part of the Interspeech conference, we want a satellite event.
But here's what we're going to tell our people.
If you manage to prepare an article by the Interspeech deadline, send it as an article for Interspeech and you will have it as part of the Interspeech conference.
But if, uh, you don't do it on the Interspeech conference date, here's our deadline.
And that's for PBML.
[PERSON7] Oh, okay.
But it's like a satellite event as part of the Interspeech conference.
Er, Interspeech doesn't seem to get into any proceedings.
#Passage to time Fediverse.
Tonight, I went to a liquor store with My House Partner for a couple of beers and a bottle of bubbly.
When we went to check out, the cashier is a completely obvious #trans woman.
Me in shorts, a woman in whitish colors, and a House mate, all ragged and with a new haircut that he himself wrote was "I look like a neo-Nazi."
Her body froze instantly, her eyes a look of fear.
And then we just... paid for our stuff.
And they said, thank you.
And I said her nails look great.
The smile of relief on her face was a great feeling, but the fact that she was scared at first IS REALLY GROSS AND I HATE IT.
This is the dumbest timeline and I hate it, period, com.
Yellowstone actress Q'orianka Kilcher pleads not guilty to fraud charges
Attorney Camille Vasquez, who represented Johnny Depp in last year's media-savvy defamation trial, claimed another legal victory -- this time with "Yellowstone" actress Q'orianka Kilcher.
On Friday, the Los Angeles County District Attorney's Office acquitted 32-year-old Kilcher of all charges in the work-injury fraud case.
In a statement provided to The Times on Friday, a spokesman for the Los Angeles County district attorney said the court had "decided that Ms. Kilcher did not commit insurance fraud and announced that the hearing could not proceed."
In July 2022, California authorities charged Kilcher with two felony counts of work-related injury fraud and charged her with unlawfully receiving disability benefits of more than $96,000 between October 2019 and September 2021.
Kilcher's months of working on "Yellowstone" also fall into that period, even though she said she was too injured to work.
Kilcher entered her own plea and was arraigned in May.
"Today I am extremely grateful that my case has been dismissed -- tomorrow my trip begins to help raise awareness and demand greater transparency of workers' rights under the compensation system," Kilcher said Friday in a statement she shared with The Times.
She added that she "looks forward to being able to shed more light on this experience and continue the work she loves."
Kilcher also thanked Vasquez and her fellow Brown Rudnick attorney Steve Cook for her "unwavering belief in her innocence."
According to TMZ, Kilcher hired them in September.
Kilcher made her breakthrough in Terrence Malick's 2002 film "New World," starring Pocahontas.
He also has the series "Gang Law," "The Psychiatrist" and the film "Dora and the Lost City."
She most recently appeared in the road movie "The Dog" starring Channing Tatum.
Christina Martinez, times correspondent, contributed to this report.
[PERSON2] Yeah, if it has a short context, and because I'm making a decision based on a very short context for this very low latency, then he's really going to do something that, for example, in a second or two, he's going to find out about, oh, well, this was actually a bad translation.
That is why they are trying to use a different wording.
To specify a thing, for example.
So I actually really enjoyed it.
I like some of the translations. I was really surprised that even though the model could be seen to have made mistakes on the first try, he really wanted to make some kind of correction.
And he definitely sounded really fluent, which I think is important, too.
If you really want low latency, then, then I think even slightly lower quality is fine, as long as the fluency is good.
Because if you have poor translation quality and poor fluency, then I think translation is just unnecessary.
But if the lower quality is due to the translation, if you read everything, then you get the same information, but the wording is just wrong because there are more words used in it, for example, and there are some corrections and things like that.
I think it's perfectly fine for simultaneous use as long as you don't lose any information.
And for which language pairs do you have these results, such as some examples?
Because I'd like to see them, just out of curiosity.
[PERSON2] Well, sure, I can spill my protocols on you.
[PERSON7] But in what languages?
Because you know I don't speak German.
[PERSON2] English and German.
[PERSON7] Yeah, but I don't necessarily speak German &lt;laugh/&gt;.
[PERSON2] Then I can provide English-Chinese and English-Japanese if it helps &lt;laugh/&gt;.
Tim Sherwood tackled Pedro Porro, who signed for Tottenham for £44million and produced a woeful debut performance
Porro endured an afternoon against Leicester that he would most like to forget (picture: getty service)
Tim Sherwood in Tottenham's defeat by Leicester City (4 : 1) launched into a "completely disgusting" defending of Pedro Porro.
Spurs signed the right-back from Sporting CP on transfer deadline day for an agreed initial loan of £5million with the obligation to buy him in the summer for £39million.
The 23-year-old made his debut on Saturday under Antonio Conte at the King Power Stadium, where his team took the lead after 14 minutes of play courtesy of Rodrigo Bentancur.
But it all turned into a miserable afternoon when Nampalys Mendy, James Maddison and Kelechi Iheanacho beat Leicester 3 at half-time: 1 and Porro had to endure a torrid first half in the Premier League.
The Spaniard was again at fault because the Leicester players thought Barnes had added a fourth goal and, although that goal was invalidated for offside, former Spurs manager Sherwood was completely shocked by the defender's zero defensive effort.
"I don't want to get into this kid all the time, but he has to be stripped of his post," Sherwood said in an interview on Soccer Saturday.
I'll give him the benefit of the doubt because it's his debut, but Pedro Porro is so bad, it's unbelievable.
His positioning on the field is absolutely disgusting, with Barnes and Maddison completely destroying his left side.
Daniel Levy said this week that they spent a lot of money, yes, but their recruitment was very poor and this is the latest addition.
Let's not jump to any conclusions at the moment, but I'm looking at a player who doesn't want to defend.
More: Premier League
'Antonio Conte has complained about defending and this player is currently having problems defending. Against him are very good players Barnes and Maddison, but it's very disappointing."
Although the goal was invalidated, Leicester confirmed their lead 4 : 1 thanks to Barnes' ninth-minute goal before the game ended.
Although Tottenham beat Manchester City last week, they missed the chance to move ahead of Newcastle into third place.
MORE: Jimmy Floyd Hasselbaink tells Chelsea not to sign Joao Felix and instead toss the Tottenham star
MORE: Tottenham are preparing to launch a bid for Crystal Palace's Marco Guehi, but Chelsea have an unofficial buy-back option
Other similar stories can be found on our sports page.
Follow Metro Sport and its latest news on Facebook, Twitter and Instagram.
That ship is not permitted.
I am aware of your hatred for Organa.
She's not important to me at all.
You can kill her if you can.
But there's often another individual on board that ship.
If he were to die... the consequences would have... a significant impact.
Beloved Collins...
It took a while to like Grady.
The 3 1/2 star Remedy is the best romantic tale about my brother's best friend, as well as a romantic tale of second chances, both mixed into one.
It's a unique story, and the hero (Grady) has to do whatever it takes to win Collins back and prove he's right for her.
Three years ago, Grady and Collins had an amazing night together.
Collins thought she'd finally gotten everything she'd ever dreamed of, her brother's best friend ... but when she woke up the next morning alone and never heard from her again, everything definitely changed.
Now Grady is back, and he's not going to leave, and he's doing everything he can to prove to her why he left and that he's not going to give her up this time.
As much as I liked the premise of this story, and sometimes Grady, he really got on my nerves.
I completely understand his reasons for leaving that night, but that Collins didn't even send an explanatory letter?
Leaving her all these years in doubt and hurt and then expecting to welcome him back with open arms?
Did he have hallucinates?!
Collins had every right to be angry, angry, hurt, etc.
She was right to argue with him when he wanted her back and wanted to move on.
I admire her willpower because Grady was persistent.
In this book I liked Collins, she was strong and she protected her heart, for which I admired her.
Of course she loved Grady, but she was afraid and hesitant to let him back into her life, who wouldn't be afraid after what he'd done to her?
Her character was definitely my favorite of both.
She certainly let things go at the pace she wanted, and when she was ready to listen, she listened.
There's a lot of anxiety in this book, and I enjoyed watching these two reconnect when Collins started forgiving Grady, I just wish Grady wasn't so whiny and a little more understanding.
He kept saying he understood, but sometimes he was too pushy for me, but by the end he was nice.
I ended up loving him as much as Collins, but at the beginning of the book I had trouble reading his opinions because I couldn't live with his character.
The first part of this book wasn't my favorite, but he was in the second part?
I adored, hence my assessment.
If you like romantic stories about second chances and your brother's best friend, you're really going to enjoy this book, I just had a hard time with Grady at first and how he dealt with some of the things he did.
Jami slipped him the message as they passed each other on the road just before the dog patrol.
She was on her way to the wall, he was coming off duty.
He looked behind him to see her go and make sure they weren't seen.
She didn't look back.
He waited until he was in the darkness of the dormitory before pulling out the note and reading it in a beam of light that filtered through the blackout curtains.
One word in block letters.
He stared at them for a long moment, trying to remain calm:
Confused plot
It was hard to keep up with the book because there was a lot of jumping around in it.
Also, the title doesn't fit the story.
The author said that several people were infected by this alien, but omitted some details about when and how it happened.
I was confused at times and had to go back and read a lot to make sure I didn't miss anything.
[PERSON3] A few years ago.
MT marathons used to have these articles about the system or the tools that were published as a special edition of PBML.
That was the first year it happened.
In the following years, they were integrated with normal ones, as were pbml editions, mixing empty marginal articles and separate articles, because there were a lot of those articles.
And we even had such a thing as that if the article wasn't good enough for PBML, but if the tool was presented on marathon MT.
The authors were invited to sign up for a further review process for the next edition of PBML.
So we have, as I even said, your system, your tool is interesting.
Please post it on marathon MT among the people.
But your article is too bad.
You need to improve it and you'll get through to the next pbml release.
[PERSON4] Yes, but another option for SIGDial.
There's no way we could attract better participants by attempting SIGDial.
[PERSON3] That means, yes, that's... it's like I thought I had one, but I don't know either of those places.
July is the registration of the latest articles.
So the conference took place in September and the article was submitted in May.
There will be pressure levels early next week.
A cold front is expected to arrive by the middle of next week.
Early this morning IR satellite and ground observations indicated a widening uneven area of the low layer &lt;URL&gt;
Great concept!
It just needs more enhancements to make it a truly amazing product
A really cool concept for karaoke.
I like karaoke, so this microphone immediately aroused my interests.
I think the overall design is good - rose gold is nice to touch.
It is also a standard design that I have seen in all other variants related to this type of microphone.
For the uninitiated, it works by simultaneously acting as a 1) personal microphone, 2) music streamer/speaker, and 3) voice recorder.
Together, you have a 3-in-1 device that will amplify your voices and music and record everything that comes out.
But there is no music in the microphone itself.
It has a Bluetooth connector, so you sync it with your phone and download a karaoke app that can send karaoke tracks to the microphone.
Or you can even sync your Spotify app.
Note that unfortunately the microphone doesn't work with every application.
The microphone comes with various options to adjust the volume level of both the music and your voice (also separately!)
and even has the option of adjusting the echo level to make you sound like you're in a real karaoke room.
Some of the things I'd like to see with further improvements are as follows: 1) there's some annoying feedback that doesn't seem to disappear no matter how far away the phone is from the microphone.
If you've figured it out, I'd like to know!
2) options switches in the middle of the microphone are clumsy.
I am a fan of minimalism, so it would be great if the design could be more elegant thanks to future products.
3) support multiple karaoke apps. Finally, because the sound comes directly from this microphone and not through the flat screen or the central speaker system in the living room, it's not as fun as the party.
If the manufacturer can somehow incorporate this into the larger party karaoke ecosystem, it will be endlessly enjoyable.
Yesterday I had the best time with my friend and former colleague the rabbi.
We spent several hours visiting my porch.
That kind of friendship overcomes differences.
We all have stories to tell.
The Lord bless you and protect you!
And the swamp turns green.
Packing is terrible - we're out of 3 damaged guitars
A very nice-looking guitar.
Too bad the company doesn't know how to protect its product.
Don't even try to get one that isn't damaged.
We returned two due to transport damage and the third was also damaged.
I gave up.
They are delivered in a soft, thin package with a single sheet of brown paper in a cardboard box.
No padding at all.
There's nothing to stop Donald Trump from running for president if he's impeached after a conviction or even a prison cell.
If elected, he would no doubt pardon himself to get out of jail.
But he can't pardon himself from state prison.
It takes a state governor to do that.
The two states involved are New York and Georgia.
The last governor, Kemp, will undoubtedly pardon Trump if he is convicted or even impeached by DA Fannie Willis of Fulton County.
NY is the best hope for accountability
Needs improvement
Super amazing light My five-year-old son absolutely loved this light It wasn't long before he got it for his birthday in January, It's Now February, he's having problems with buttons and after plugging in he doesn't shine bright, he eats batteries, I even tried rechargeable batteries Super cool but he needs an upgrade
Police arrest 15 people after violent protest outside a refugee hotel in the UK
The incident came after an increase in the number of refugees and asylum seekers taking boats across the Channel to the UK.
Police have detained 15 people after a demonstration against refugees outside a hotel housing asylum seekers near Liverpool, England, turned violent.
Merseyside Police Department said minor injuries were sustained by an officer and two civilians in a disturbance on Friday night in the Knowsley district.
Police said some protesters threw objects and set fire to a police van.
Detainees aged between 13 and 54 were detained "after violent disturbances".
Merseyside Police Commissioner Emily Spurrell told Radio City: "It was incredibly dangerous and there were several injuries to officers."
According to local media, the Interior Ministry has been using the hotel to temporarily house asylum seekers since last year.
George Howarth, who represents the Knowsley district of the British Parliament, said the violence on Friday night did not reflect the mood in the community.
"The people of Knowsley are not fanatics and are receptive to people who are fleeing some of the most dangerous places in the world in search of a safe place," he said.
"Those demonstrating against refugees at this protest tonight do not represent this community."
The protest took place at a time of heightened tensions, with more and more refugees and migrants making their way across the Channel on small boats.
In 2022, more than 45,000 people came to the UK via this route, most of whom applied for asylum.
The asylum processing system has slowed down greatly due to political turmoil and bureaucratic delays, leaving many asylum seekers stranded in hotels or other temporary accommodation.
Crossing the Channel has become a political problem, as the Conservative government has promised to "stop the boats" and is pushing ahead with a plan to send such asylum seekers to Rwanda.
The opposition has accused the government of demonising desperate people who are fleeing war and poverty.
You have to buy it!!
I loved this color of rose gold and everything about it was great!
The only thing I had a problem with was that it was really simple.
I like having a little more detail on the levers and I noticed it before I bought it, that's why I'm still giving 5 stars!
It was easy to clean and everything came wrapped in individual parts, which I found to be really organized and it soothed my soul heh I love, I love, I LOVE the color and I would definitely buy it again for myself or for someone close to me!
To succeed, to realize dreams, to be friends, to be simple but true!!
To all the investors there, I toast your success and the realization of your dreams.
Let us continue to work together and create a brighter future for all.
And to all my friends, new and old, let us cherish the simple but true things in life that bring us joy and fulfilment.
#Robecofirm #geologist #business #sustainability #success #friendship #toast #dreams
In Gamefan No 06, 1998, Jason Schrieber commented on the long development of the first game on the Unreal engine:
"A good game is only delayed until it comes to you.
A bad game will be bad forever."
So it was Epic who invented it?
We could go on.
In an earlier issue of GamePro Magazine No. 11, 1997, the citation is much more ambiguous:
"Or, as they say in the field: A late game is only delayed until it comes to you.
A bad game will be bad for the rest of your life."
Is she so ephemeral, then?
Only a "slogan" with no clear progenitor?
Physics is terrible, and there's nothing the people who created the game can do about it.
Don't buy this game, physics is terrible and this game annoys me because I think there are 40 hackers for every single game, but also for the whole game.
They don't even do anything about it, you know they just let hackers do whatever they want and then they know the game is terrible, but they do absolutely nothing about it and in the game they keep updating their characters, they really should update more physics because it's terrible, don't buy this game, physics is terrible and the mechanics are also so terrible that the people who built this game were obviously tall or something because it's one of the worst games I've ever played honestly in my life, I'd rather play Pixel Games, in this crap it's one of the worst games I've ever played
[PERSON11] &lt;parallel_talk&gt; We should also add an additional metric for ASR -
Actually, more, we should add complementary metrics- these complementary metrics. &lt;/parallel_talk&gt;
So you mentioned one thing, and that's an evaluation of swearing filtering.
So &lt;parallel_talk&gt; has an explicit list of things that must not appear in the output &lt;/parallel_talk&gt;, right?
&lt;parallel_talk&gt; And then an assessment of rare words.
And here we have an explicit list of names and terms that we want to appear in the output, not simply by (order of) rate &lt;/parallel_talk&gt;, but rated by something that directly takes these things into account, right?
Yes, I totally agree with that.
This includes the manual preparation of references.
So &lt;parallel_talk&gt; both require manually created references. &lt;/parallel_talk&gt;
I have one comment from [PERSON1].
So &lt;parallel_talk&gt; [PERSON1] compiled some translation dictionary.
And she should be sharing it soon. &lt;/parallel_talk&gt;
So that could become an empty part of the other matter of the infrequent word -
So &lt;parallel_talk&gt; that would be an assessment of rare words for MT, and then we'll probably get some vocabulary from [PROJEC210] as well. &lt;/parallel_talk&gt;
So it's obviously going to be domain [PROJEC210].
And [PERSON2], could I ask you to review the domain &lt;unintelligible/&gt; and create such a dictionary in light of the fact that you look at the outputs and what's missing from them?
That is, as if a shortlist - a list of words that we in the domain &lt;unintelligible/&gt; like and dislike there.
Could you do that?
My dog hasn't destroyed it yet
You've had problems with hockey balls.
My dog loves them - her favourite fetching and chewing toy - and they swim.
Until he chews them to bits, that is.
I tried several, even versions into "very warm weather" - and they lasted a few minutes longer than the others.
Until these appeared.
These have stood the test.
My dog's not big, but she's stubborn in what she chews.
As they say, it's not how big a dog is in a fight, it's how big a fight there is in a dog.
Thumbs up from Daisy and me.
Humanity is out in 5 days.
It's exciting, nerve-racking, stressful and all the things I like to do in games.
What will people think of her?
I like him, but can he attract an audience of the right players?
Will a community grow around user-generated content?
(I really hope so.)
The story of the game, the thoughts and questions raised by the game are active at the moment.
I hope everything goes well.
Minnesota biologists rescue captured baribal bear
The Minnesota Natural Resources Agency came to the aid of a hapless bear that got stuck in a ditch and had a honeycomb to get out of it.
According to a post on the agency's Facebook profile, the bear hid in a roadside pass near the town of Wannaska, Minnesota.
But when the snow began to melt, the culvert began to flood and the bear became trapped in deep snow and ice, the agency said.
Agency workers quickly arrived on the scene and helped pull the bear out.
According to a Facebook post, agency biologist specializing in bears Andrew Tri "inspected the bear and noted that it was healthy but dazed - apparently because it was awakened from its hibernation."
The agency then moved the bear to a state reserve, where he could continue hibernation.
The age of the sleepy beast was estimated at 6 years and its weight at 170 to 180 kg.
The agency reminded residents that relocating bears is the job best entrusted to experts.
If you're worried about a bear in your neighborhood, you should contact your local authorities - not try to move or feed the sleeping giant.
In this case, onlookers first tried to dig up the bear themselves, offering it food, including Pop-Tarts pop-tarts, lettuce, and Fancy Feast cat food.
But fortunately for those digging out with good intentions, "because bears have no appetite in winter, the bear has not bitten them."
According to the Natural Resources Agency, there are between 12,000 and 15,000 baribal bears in Minnesota, primarily found in the northern third of the state.
In winter, these beasts hibernate for up to six or seven months, during which they do not take food and live on stored body fat.
Technical confession: I can't just dedicate myself to Grafana and Prometheus systems, at least in terms of server/application metrics and monitoring.
I don't know exactly why my brain can't figure it out; it could be that the instruments are so wide and vague that my brain just locks up because of "too many possibilities."
I want to do the control panels.
Grafana looks nice.
Brains out of work.
It doesn't actually do any "cleaning" of the air
Bought as a humidifier, some of the "air purification" is actually misleading advertising; depending on how hard your water is, sediment builds up at the bottom, but none of it is dust in your home unless you live in a coal mine or something.
As a humidifier, I would rate it as slightly less effective than a wick-type humidifier with the same fan size.
The advantage is that it does not consume wicks.
Given the quite higher price per unit, you'll probably need to keep it on for about 5 years to make up the price difference.
It has quite a lot of water capacity for its size because the "reservoir" is part of the unit and has low consumption (although it is no better than a wick).
Cleaning is also relatively easy, although the plastic discs can't really be repaired because the drive can't be dismantled.
For German engineering, however, the quality of the assembly is not excellent.
I've had mine for a year, which would be about six months in cold weather, and the unit makes a very unpleasant rattling noise from the fan assembly.
I'm guessing it could be fan bearings, so I'm just waiting for a complete failure to occur here.
As someone else has pointed out, any repairs are almost priced on the mere purchase of a new wick-type humidifier.
tl; dr - it's not worth the extra cost, it's better to use a wick-type humidifier.
[PERSON1] I mean the script that I have in two different folders, and then I run it with slightly different internal translators, so I think, yeah, so I have &lt;unintelligible/&gt; let's say ten, well instead of output, the file &lt;unintelligible/&gt; the auxiliary translator, so &lt;unintelligible/&gt; that we have, so I'm just going to make sure that these things are generated for one file in parallel from all available translators.
[PERSON1] Oh, that would save us time.
[PERSON7] Yeah, yeah, it's very important to actually parallelize everything, parallelize both the processing of the systems and the evaluation of the DF cells, because it would need to run many times, there will be errors, it needs to run again quickly.
[PERSON7] Okay, so thanks.
You're very busy with it, I don't want to burden you with any more things, so I'll start with the comments.
We need to finish describing the set of tables [PROJECT1],
Who do we have here?
Oh, well not exactly, yeah, (it's done) and unfortunately it's not here.
So that would be for [PERSON2],
Then the evaluation, that's for [PERSON1], but we've been through that.
Listen, give me a table in DSD, let's put a fine line here and push the template of the table, like the structure of the plan to delebl now, so the numbers will come later, but very soon I want to see some numbers and the complete structure of the table.
[PERSON7] Okay, thank you.
We have [PERSON5], that's good.
So I'd like to check with [PERSON5] what progress is being made in evaluating the systems, and whether you're in contact with [PERSON1] for development, which is more important.
Can you hear us, [PERSON5]?
It'll be my first project car.
I'll pick it up this weekend.
I was looking for a good first car for a guy; and I really love the '80s aesthetic.
For the sake of a significant radiator and reduced ground clearance.
I did a little research, but I'd like someone to have some information about a car like this.
Personal experience?
I know there's no quick comparison
So, I plan to do it myself.
I plan to go there, but we need someone to back us up.
And we also need someone to take care of recording the event [PROJEC210],
So some archivist so we don't lose this session again.
And more importantly, and still a persistent theme to work on, is the climb up the ladder.
And here in the paragraph for [PERSON2], I suggested that we could use simple html tables that would generate automatically and grow.
I think it would probably be easiest to put tables on as html, but it might get more complicated when we want to see differences, because after each new evaluation campaign, new systems will be evaluated.
Preparing these tables can be difficult.
So I asked [PERSON7] and [PERSON7] unfortunately won't be available during this call.
To tell us whether to use [ORGANISATION242], which is a web solution.
Some startup company that offers accounts for academic purposes for free.
If it would help us or not.
Okay, so [PERSON7] doesn't recommend [ORGANISATION242].
So the right way is probably simple html.
So once [PERSON2] has those evaluations cleared.
That means moving the few scripts from the [PROJECT3] test file and some automatic trigger to where they belong.
Then please also create a table-to-html conversion similar to the technical conversion, and then regularly paste these results into your web page.
Or what you can even do is have a full git checkout that would be directly in this public html, or at least pull it out of this public html.
So that it's immediately accessible through the web and anyone can look at and examine the current scorecard.
So it would be useful, especially for people outside [ORGANISATION2], such as [ORGANISATION15].
We know they like -
The performance was poor on some files, and they could browse it directly on the web.
They could also go through it actually on [ORGANISATION101].
It's up to you to set it up to be user-friendly and easy to track.
[PERSON2] Okay, I'll do it.
[PERSON11] Yeah, thanks.
I'm now working on, or about to update, the demo article submission, which has a deadline of next Friday, if I'm not mistaken.
And then I have to do some project reports and start collecting documents - as if, or references to documents, not yet the documents themselves, for both sessions.
I really haven't achieved anything.
I'm glad a few people came up to me privately and said, "Look, I'll give you this amount of money for all your work."
I want to see these intermediary transaction companies explaining to their customers how to set up their percentages.
They won't talk about it on Bloomberg!
But if Spotify has a good quarter, they will.
I'm toying with the Flutter app a little bit.
Frankly, I wouldn't want to base my business on Google technology, on the other hand, Google is one of the few big players with real incentives to create insurmountable experiences from different platforms and it shows.
(And also: Unfortunately, the web is now largely Google's business)
Also, please don't tell me that google/flutter apps on iOS and macOS are prevalent.
Being universal on all platforms is hard if you want to do it well.
I know it.
... was too yellow before the purchase and was told it was like antique gold
Before buying, I asked the dealer if the colour was too yellow and was told it was like antique gold, darker.
They missed a lot!
The set looks VERY cheap.
It's super shiny yellow with lots of CZ, even shinier.
She looks great in the photo, but I wouldn't really let a teenager wear that either.
Salesforce Partner
Codleo is one of Salesforce's best partners, offering the best Salesforce services tailored to your company's needs.
Need some help?
Contact our Salesforce consultants today!
Find a reliable Salesforce partner to leverage their expertise and maximize the value of crm investments.
Find out how a Salesforce partner can help you implement, customize, integrate, and continuously support your company to thrive in the Salesforce ecosystem.
The year is 2023 and I can still see that people with iPhones are actively avoiding using Apple Maps.
Apple Maps comes standard with iOS, yet people are still trying to download and install Google Maps in their iPhones.
No idea why.
I was curious, and I had an open mind to compare Google Maps and Apple Maps in my iPhone testing device (my daily bread is an Android device, so I rarely use the iPhone).
The experience of following the instructions was much better on Apple Maps than on Google Maps.
Apple Maps wins.
So why do people jump over other obstacles when installing Google Maps?
I don't know.
Could it be that Google Maps was the first to hit the market?
Was it a disaster for Apple Maps in 2012?
Could it be that Google search is integrated with Google Maps?
I don't know.
That means I'm biased.
I'm biased so that end users don't get dumped and Apple didn't royally handle their Apple Maps when they came out in 2012.
Their bad reputation haunts them to this day.
So as the new layer of #FFXIV approaches, I've been thinking for a long time: "Man, I'd like to try a good ride, but Party Finder sounds like a mess, and I'll never find a staffer to catch me."
So I thought, fuck it!
I'll do my own static!
Full of people who are too impatient to try to join the ride, with no expectation that they'll be any good at all!
There's... no way it works, I guess!
...And that's how I found out I had to make a list of raiding parties.
The battery life is terrible on what I bought on Amazon.
I still can't believe that Logitech has stopped offering this piece control, nothing else is alike.
I absolutely LOVE this Harmony controller, this is my fourth.
The dog chewed first, the husband knelt on the screen second and the third still worked, but in the middle of the touchscreen is the elbow mark, also thanks to my husband... I bought that as a backup and the screens are great, but the battery that was delivered lasts maybe a few days.
My original (third) is still charging for weeks and I use a remote control for everything.
It was the first time (but not the last time) that Kaveesha Dilhari scored more than 20 points and scored more than 2 goals in one T20I match.
She joined a narrow group of Sri Lankan women who managed to achieve such a feat in all things in this format.
[PERSON3] The point is that if we do the analysis more correctly, one thing is a possible conflicting evaluation that just suggests that constraints do indeed have an effect on actual output.
That would be nice and yeah, maybe even do an analysis of the attention.
But I'm not sure it can give us the same answers, essentially, whether or not the model is giving or not paying attention to limitations.
[PERSON4] I had to look at a few examples of attention, I didn't do any statistics or anything else, and it looks at limitations, and when it translates to limitations, it looks like a given constraint, and I think it would be helpful if the system made some mistakes, but it doesn't really make any in that sense.
He makes some general translation errors, but not the ones (phenomena) we're trying to solve.
When we come back to automatic evaluation, the problem with disagreement is that the output is correctly sprung, but the context varies.
So this is not the same word type as in the reference, is it?
[PERSON4] Yeah, but I also checked that the contexts were valid translations, and in most cases they are.
As in the first 100 examples identified as flawed by the automatic evaluation, 91 of them were correctly popped in the correct contexts.
[PERSON4] And I think only two or three sentences were correctly spoken in the wrong context, as if the translation was wrong.
And then there are some cases where the translation was completely wrong because the sentence was really wrong and part of it has to be &lt;unintelligible/&gt;, but that was only in one or two cases.
[PERSON3] But in evaluating, you're trying to match forms of deviation, right?
You're not doing any --
[PERSON3] - lemming references and -
[PERSON4] Both, both, both, I try to match both surface forms and lemmata.
[PERSON3] Oh, oh, yeah, those are the two scores, right?
[PERSON4] Just score a dilemma for (European?) is not in the table because the table does not seem to fit on paper, so &lt;unintelligible/&gt;
Coverage is always about 97 percent.
It just generates the right lemmings, just --
[PERSON3] Oh, yeah, okay, I get it, I get it.
So coverage of lemmat basically says whether there is a limitation, and the difference in surface coverage suggests that it might be misrepresented, but this isn't the case.
This is a very pretty skirt.
The lace pattern is elegant and delicate
This is a very pretty skirt.
The lace pattern is elegant and delicate.
It doesn't squeeze, even after stuffing it in plastic and the box was very smooth, so it's really cool.
It can be easily dressed as casual as well as festive and, thanks to its length and cut, it feels vintage, which really gets the better of me.
I think she could suit anyone.
I'm 165 cm tall and weigh 59 kg and I ordered a small size, so if you feel like you're stuck between a small and medium size, be sure to reduce the size.
It's not just conservatives versus progressives, he told a seminar of more than 100 followers in Grande Prairie.
"This is a war between pro-people and anti-people," he said.
Parker referenced abortions and the impulse of modern urban women to delay having children because of their careers.
They also argue that ndps and progressives want to depopulate society for the sake of the environment.
"You're the carbon that's trying to reduce."
[PERSON3] Yeah, I just don't know if you are, if you are, if you caught &lt;unintelligible/&gt;, when we talked about [PERSON1],
but one thing is that, that (dispersion) is better, but the other thing is that the lemmings are actually properly lowered by hand,
but that's, that's another, no, no problem, that's actually a good thing it's &lt;unintelligible/&gt; right, yeah.
So I thought it might be there.
I'm not sure we have any testing data for that, though, but could we try to play around with the models using some kind of style transfer?
As you know, we can use restrictions and try to use synonymous constraints instead and find out or compare how, how, what the difference is between the outputs.
But this is like I'm only describing it vaguely, because I don't have an accurate idea of how to do it myself, but it could be an interesting, unremarkable scenario.
I don't know, [PERSON1], do you know of any data on the transmission of style between English and English? Do we have anything available?
[PERSON4] &lt;unintelligible/&gt;
[PERSON1] By transferring style, Dusan, do you think there'd be something there that's in the written language, and you'd be the target side, would it be in the spoken language, or something like that?
[PERSON3] Well, that's kind of the thing, like, I only have limited knowledge of the job.
But I imagine you want to rewrite a sentence so that it wasn't written by a man, but written instead by a woman, or, I don't know, like you can have a scientific and unscientific explanation for certain phenomena.
I'm really not that familiar with the exact data sets and what they cover.
And it's the idea that the style of sentences is fairly vaguely defined.
So I'm not so sure.
[PERSON1] We have this corpus of transforming sentences.
And one of the things that's in it that could be labeled as style transfer, for example, is more generalization of sentences.
So the details are left out, the sentence is simplified, and then it sounds colloquial.
Well, it's just paraphernalia.
And I'm not sure we have anything like shortening a sentence.
Regarding shortening, Matthew is making some attempts between English and English, but we don't have any reference dates.
So we don't have any data set to compress sentences.
So maybe a generalization might be interesting, but I'm afraid there are too many different good generalizations, so a single reference would be too limited to tell you anything about the quality of your generalization.
And I'm not aware of any similar gender transformations, for example it could be done &lt;unintelligible/&gt; for English, so maybe the right person would be Rudolf Rosa, to ask him if he's ever created such a data set.
So some counterpart of the sentence will be generated based on the root.
[PERSON3] I think it's actually kind of an interesting question whether we can use restrictions to enforce this kind of thing, like the genus of the speaker in, in translation.
[PERSON1] That's actually a very good idea.
So we could focus on that area and create a subset of the [PROJECT1] test set to cover that.
Oh, so sometimes we know the gender of the speaker, so if you're... maybe I'll share your screen and we'll go over it.
But it's the land that makes it a good repository of wealth until you think the government is going to change the system we live in.
The house itself is declining in value as its condition deteriorates and needs to be replaced.
A lot of people think they literally own the country when they buy a piece of it.
This is not the case.
In China, you can only rent the land.
They're not stupid enough to sell it forever.
The government can change this policy at any time.
The land is temporary.
An aging iPad is serving the dragon, so it went on the market for a new tablet.
As we've become radicalized here, we're reluctant to buy a new machine from FAANG*.
Does anyone have a favourite Linux tablet?
It would mainly serve web browsing, the occasional sending of e-mails, and some of those games.
[PERSON2] Then again, I want it to be human-readable.
Because the blinking is really annoying, and then you lose focus on what was actually said, because maybe that's also a question for someone who knows more about the human brain and how we work with information.
I'm sorry, but I've never thought about it in depth.
But I think whenever I see a word, I store it in my memory, and my memory isn't linear, but it's more of a bag.
So I put my word in the bag.
I like to put things together in that bag to get the big picture of the word.
And I think that's the problem with the blinking.
If you translate something and then change it, I've actually read it, it's in my brain.
And then I lost the attention and control of what was actually then translated as correct, and it wasn't what it wasn't.
That's why I think the whole blinking thing is wrong and stupid by definition.
It's like I see the motivation, like you want to show everything you have.
Even if you can't promise it will be good.
However, I think we cannot work with this extra information.
And I think maybe the problem is that the systems create people who work with them.
If I'm developing a system, I'm really excited to see that even though I'm not promising that the translation is right, I'm still going to show it and it's kind of good, but I don't think the developer is really focusing on the content itself.
And how you perceive the content, but more to the point, well, yeah, my system can list it really quickly.
And while he just believes the quality is sort of fine, I think that's maybe why the new translation was created.
It's just that system developers are eager to display information, and I think that because we're limited as if by the volume of information that we can perceive at a certain time, it's as if we see that the extra information is just an extra burden on us.
That's why I don't think it's a good idea to show extra.
As if if you want to reduce latency, then instead of blinking, just reduce the quality.
I think it's better than displaying blinks.
Because what would be the actual use case?
Why would you actually need to see an unstable hypothesis?
Perhaps from the user's point of view?
[PERSON1] As if technically, when human translators start translating, I think the goal for note writers there as well is to try to follow the original speaker's speech chain.
Sometimes they say something and it's wrong, so they just correct themselves.
[PERSON2] Well, yeah, but that means that with my solution, it's like you didn't do the blinking, but you committed it like there was no way to change it, but you correct yourself.
And that's actually what translators do.
[PERSON17] Yeah, so for English with more accents.
So now we're putting it [PERSON14] together into one technical solution.
The current idea that [PERSON14] is working on is that it will create new sentences with words that have been said in other sentences, and implement this across different speakers.
So these will be sentences with multiple speakers, and therefore the resistance to the different accents of these speakers could be improved.
Oh, so that's one particle experiment.
And later, maybe we'll do something more with the multi-accent edgy thing.
So these new sentences are actually trying to solve two problems with one experiment.
One problem is the implicit language model.
So the ASR system has to see the largest possible set of sentences.
And we'll be creating new sentences from a text-only language model by adding an audio part, so the language model will be better for ASR, and robustness vis-à-vis different speakers will be better, too.
And yesterday, in one lecture, I heard another idea.
It was during practice.
Time and frequency bands fell out of their sound.
So they trained on broken inputs, which also greatly improved the robustness of the system.
As with all my birthdays in the past, I've always had it rough.
Whenever May came along, I was afraid to try to celebrate my birthday.
Something can always happen, go wrong or end up in a stressful and depressing way.
I have fought for years to get away from such thinking and have a better birthday.
It took me years to change my life and work hard, but in the end...
I'm starting to smile and enjoy my birthday without worrying.
And today is also becoming a great day!
This product is dangerous for children.
This is a major health risk for your child.
After a few weeks of use, we checked the batteries and found that water had entered the area where the batteries were being inserted.
The batteries themselves had gone wrong and were leaking black liquid.
If you look at the design, it looks like the battery cover can't be waterproof, which means that not only did the water get into the glove compartment during the bath, it also leaked some toxic material.
Please do not buy this product.
I'm shocked that, despite such an obvious mistake, it went on the market.
Asian Championships to give new impetus to development of athletics
ASTANA.KAZINFORM - On Friday, the opening ceremony of the 10th Asian Athletics Indoor Championships was held at the Qazaqstan Sports Center in Astana.
Kazakh Prime Minister Alichan Smailov attended the event, kazinform news agency quotes the Kazakh Prime Minister's press service as saying.
At the launch of the event, the head of the Kazakh government read a welcome letter from President Kasym-Zhomart Tokayev.
"Sport knows no bounds.
It strengthens friendships and brings nations and countries closer together.
Special attention is paid to sport in Kazakhstan.
In our country, all the conditions exist for the practice of professional and mass sport.
Much attention is paid to the development of sports infrastructure.
The clear evidence of this is this athletic complex for more than 6,000 people," reads the letter from the Kazakh president.
Kazakh athletes successfully compete and represent Kazakhstan at major global competitions.
They are an example for the growing generation and inspire the youth to great victories, Noted Tokayev.
He expressed confidence that holding the Asian Championships in Astana would be a new impetus for the development of athletics in the country and pledged greater cooperation with international organisations in this field.
Kazakh Prime Minister Smailov expressed his special thanks to Asian AthleticAssociation President Dahlan al-Hamad for his help in preparing and holding the championships.
The Asian Indoor Athletics Championships are held in CIS territory for the first time.
The tournament will meet more than 500 athletes from 31 countries who will compete in this all-around event in running, relay running, long jump, high jump, triple jump, pole vault, shot put.
The tournament runs until February 12.
It was previously announced that Kazakh runner Caroline Chepkoech Kipkirui won gold in the women's 3000 metres and Olga Safronova won silver in the women's 60 metres at the tournament.
Photo: primeminister.kz
Kazakh rescuers pulled 7 survivors and bodies of 19 dead in Turkey: February 11, 2023, 12:15 a.m.
GAZIANTEP.KAZINFORM - Kazakh rescuers continue to search for debris and survivors in Turkey, Kazinform news agency quotes the Press Service of the Kazakh Emergency Ministry as saying.
The work of rescuers is hampered by a large amount of debris and unstable construction.
So far in Turkey, a Kazakh rescue team has pulled out seven survivors of the quake and the bodies of 19 people, including one child.
First medical assistance is provided around the clock.
In particular, an earthquake of magnitude 7.7 struck early monday morning, devastating parts of southeastern Turkey and northern Syria.
The death toll from massive earthquakes in southeast Turkey to date has exceeded 20,000.
Photo: t.me/qr_tjm
Ukrainian children have the right to grow up in a calm and safe environment.
Yet unimaginable fear, terror and displacement left an invisible scar of trauma.
This Tuesday, President von der Leyen met first lady Olena Zelenska in Kiev to discuss how she can support her efforts to provide mental health assistance to vulnerable children.
We've already offered mental health and psychosocial support.
All our efforts will help them get through this journey.
I really enjoyed meeting Penny and Nicholas from Ashanti Development over the weekend to talk about their progress.
Ashanti Development has been working with the ever-growing community in the Ashanti region of Ghana for 20 years, working with communities and providing support in water and sanitation, education, healthcare, tree planting and farming.
Communities acquire knowledge that can integrate and support their own development.
I was fortunate to spend an unforgettable six months alongside Nicholas in 2011 supporting a number of projects.
When we caught up over the weekend, I was thrilled to hear about the progress, especially with the planting of trees and the support of the farm.
Thousands of trees have been planted and farmers have seen crop yields increase through a series of interventions ranging from support for equipment purchase to training.
Nicholas is working with farmers to reduce the use of pesticides, while also looking for ways to address the challenges posed by climate change as well as by pests such as woodworm, which can kill corn crops.
Photos from my visit to Ghana in 2011.
So I finally looked at #Heartstopper
Was it too cute to be sentimental?
Definitely
Do any of these characters even talk like a human?
Not even remotely
But did I like it?
Absolutely!
what was Olivia Coleman doing here?
Did she owe anyone money?
One arrested in Tate Britain gallery protest over children's event with drag queen
One person was arrested at a protest outside the Tate Britain gallery, where a children's event was held to tell the stories of the drag queen.
The Metropolitan Police said one person was arrested outside an art gallery outside Westminster on suspicion of making a racist comment towards an officer.
Police say no injuries have been reported and officers remain at the scene.
On Saturday, the Tate Gallery held Drag Queen Story Hour UK, where the stories were told by Aida H Dee, who is described by the gallery's website as "the first drag artist in Europe to read stories to children in kindergarten".
A group of right-wing demonstrators was demonstrating in front of the gallery, opposed by their opponents, led by transgender rights activists and political groups, including Stand Up to Racism.
Officers had to create a corridor for attendees to get to the venue.
On Twitter, the drag queen wrote that the day had been "properly emotive," adding that five protesters had made it to the Tate Gallery and "caused a stir" in some parts of the building, but reading had not been affected.
She previously told Pink News that she was "honoured" to be invited to the Tate gallery for an event as part of LGBTQ+ History Month.
Her reading has been targeted by protesters before.
Drag queen said there had been a "risk assessment" in advance, but added that it was "absurd" that it was necessary at all.
Aida wrote on Twitter: "Five haters made it into the Tate gallery. They caused a stir. BUT NOT at Drag Story Hour UK ...They made a fuss elsewhere in the building, not where the show was! SHOW 2 went smoothly!!!"
On Saturday at 11, noon and 2 p.m., Aida held three storytelling sessions.
A spokesman for the Tate Gallery said: "We do not list a programme of artists to promote certain views, nor to reconcile different views."
Our galleries offer a wide programme and visitors are free to choose which aspects of it they are interested in."
A good case with serious limitations
This case is fine, but not exceptional - max. 3,5 or 4.
The problem is that fewer cases are available for the Tab A 10.1 w S pen.
Of all of these, Gumdrop is probably the best, but it has some serious problems.
The rubber of the case (silicone or whatever) is very smooth and slippery, and holding the tablet with one hand won't give you much confidence.
Tab A is heavy, so when you're lying down while watching the video, the case slips in your hand, so you have to move it frequently.
I had to remove the clear plastic cover, which is over the screen, because it made the touchscreen function worse.
This has affected the strength of the one-piece plastic frame that surrounds Tab A, so now the rubber outer cover is really flexible and thin.
Eventually, they made it difficult to access the S pen.
The S pen is in the lower right-hand corner of Tab A and they have created a small rubber fold to protect the corner towards the rear for access to the S pen.
This means that in order to eject the S pen, the fold has to drop 180 degrees.
That's really uncomfortable and hard to do with one hand.
My Tab A protects this case well, but with these serious design flaws I can't recommend it, unless you have an S pen, then you don't have much choice.
Lost Package - Charge Me
I grew up with them and was excited to buy them for my son, but they lost a pack of live caterpillars.
They told me they'd replace it and charge only half the postage this time.
After a considerable amount of time on the phone, my phone ended up being recharged for a new order at a discount of $3.
I thought it was pretty unprofessional, because they not only lost it, but they led me to believe that they would fix it, only to charge me almost full price at the end of a 30-minute phone call about a voucher argument.
I spent 30 minutes on the phone, so I stepped back and bought another set of caterpillars.
That's a putt.
I haven't watched CNN town hall, but it looks like Trump is saying the exact same thing he says every time he opens his mouth or pushes the Send button on his phone.
Even if he doesn't say them on the town hall broadcast, everyone in America will hear them anyway, repeatedly, from now until November 2024.
That's still no reason to give him more space, but the harm is being exaggerated.
He wins the primary.
It won't go away just because we wish it would.
He's here, and he's going to say those things no matter what.
I listened, turned on and off, works @iotar
There are a lot of good things in the backlog of this mysterious collective.
Like mood krauts and other secular popular music and a radiophone workshop and all sorts of other things.
It's really worth a look.
I also like the FWIW interface archive.org much more than the desktop #bandcamp \- I don't know how people use bc as their primary music platform (except for political reasons).
[PERSON2] I think you can reserve the whole semester just for [PERSON9] subjects and you'll have a lot of work and no free time, even if you only have one subject.
But I think it's different because I don't think flunking his courses is really a big deal.
It's like you're going to fail because you're not going to be able to finish.
Of course people seem to give up, but I think maybe it's for a different reason that you just can't pass.
I think it's definitely possible, but it takes a lot of work.
[PERSON1] Yeah, I think he told us at the beginning of the semester that if we wanted an A (??), we'd get an A.
Right in the second term, you should turn it in.
That's basically the only thing he asked for.
But he also told us that according to trends from past years, a lot of people won't do it.
Reading for an exam is easier for them.
No, I'm sorry, study for the exam -
[PERSON2] Yeah, because his exams are, well, generally fairly easy.
[PERSON2] So I wouldn't say it's super easy because there are courses where the exam is like fun.
[PERSON1] Oh, well, one of those was for me yesterday.
Smoky, my 10-month-old blue cat landlord, is playing with a red rubber handle on an Apple Pencil bought on Amazon that he captured months ago.
He wears it proudly in his mouth all over the house and I have to laugh inwardly.
Every time I see him do it.
East Germany's last communist leader dies aged 95
BERLIN (AP) - Hans Modrow, who held the office of East Germany's last communist leader during a tumultuous period that ended with the country's first and only free elections, has died.
He was 95 years old.
Modrow died early saturday morning, the Left Party Parliamentary Group said on Twitter.
Modrow, a reformist communist, took over East Germany shortly after the fall of the Berlin Wall and later brought opposition forces into government, but he could not slow germany's growing reunification effort.
"The whole peaceful process of establishing German unity was precisely to his particular credit" the Left wrote on Twitter. "Which will remain his political legacy."
During a 16-year stint leading the Communist Party in Dresden that began in 1973, Modrow developed a reputation for opposing the establishment.
He denied party favours and insisted on living in a normal apartment.
The post in east Germany's top leadership eluded him until he became prime minister in November 1989 - days after the fall of the Berlin Wall - which had previously been a minor function.
When the hardline leader Egon Krenz and his ruling Politburo resigned at the beginning of December, Modrow became East Germany's top political figure.
But the Communists could no longer decide for themselves.
The following month, he agreed to share power with an increasingly vocal opposition, and amid growing unrest, the date for the first free elections in East Germany was pushed back to March 1990.
Though pro-democracy rallies quickly gained a taste for unification, communists initially opposed unification negotiations.
However, in February 1990, Modrow called for negotiations with West Germany on a possible "unified homeland" independent of the military blocs and governed by a joint parliament in Berlin.
Modrow campaigned for the renamed Communists, the Democratic Socialism Party, but even his personal popularity was not enough to keep the party from placing third with 16% support.
The winner was an alliance of conservative parties that argued for rapid reunification and was backed by the government of West German leader Helmut Kohl.
Germany united under Kohl's leadership and as a NATO member on October 3, 1990, less than a year after the fall of the Berlin Wall.
Modrow became a member of the united Parliament, where he sat until 1994, and honorary president of the post-communist PDS - the predecessor of today's opposition Left Party. He was a member of the European Parliament from 1999 to 2004.
Modrow's past in the days of hardline Communist rule brought him to justice a few years after unification.
In 1995, a court convicted him of inciting the falsification of the results of the local elections in Dresden in May 1989.
The court handed him a nine-month suspended sentence and a fine.
Claiming that the trial was politically motivated, Modrow claimed that its outcome would exacerbate the divisions between East and West Germans.
His attorney argued that he had atoned for previous wrongs by overseeing free elections as prime minister.
In his later years he was a member of the council of the older Left Party.
"Hans was a deeply sincere and combative socialist," Dietmar Bartsch, chairman of the Left Party's parliamentary faction, wrote on Twitter.
"He was, until his old age, a distinguished adviser to our party, whose wisdom we will miss."
I put it on my nose twice a day, according to the instructions, and rub it in for 2 minutes.
The skin on my nose turned red and completely hard.
It kind of caught me off guard.
He had a well-healed scar from a fall in barbed wire years ago.
Not only did this product not work, but I almost ended up in a dermatologist's office, however, after a week it finally calmed down when I put aquaphor ointment and a patch in place.
My nose is still flushed, however, but I hope it will go away soon.
My neighbor and I got home at the same time, and I heard him coughing and coughing up phlegm from across the street.
So I rushed to get to my apartment and to avoid it, but he was still able to catch up and talk to me.
I swear people infected with covid are zombies trying to infect everyone else.
It's not socially acceptable to go public or rush people when you're gagging by coughing up phlegm.
Repeat. It is not socially acceptable to spread your covid disease everywhere!!!
Biden's Justice Department 'doesn't want armed citizens'
House member Andrew Clyde (Republican for the state of Georgia) met with the Breitbart News portal on Thursday and talked about his plans to block the ATF office rule on pistol butts and his belief that Biden's Justice Department "doesn't want armed citizens first and foremost."
Clyde has made clear his opposition to the rule on pistol butts.
The reasons for his disagreement include both general and more specific objections.
He generally expressed confidence that our Founding Fathers had not laid out a governance plan involving federal agencies legislating in lieu of the legislature.
He said: "The Justice Department is there to enforce the law, not create it. When you have an executive who makes laws and enforces them at the same time, then you have kings and kingdoms. Our founders did not call for a king, and they did not establish a kingdom in the Constitution of the United States."
Clyde then moved on to specific information about the rule on pistol butts, expressing his concern that the rule was part of a larger effort by the ATF to make firearms more widely registered.
He noted: "What the ATF wants is to expand the registration database for the National Firearms Act. He wants to register people all over the country because, as we know, registration predates confiscation. And confiscation, in my opinion, is the ultimate goal, because this Justice Department does not want to have armed citizens."
He added: "But the Justice Department wants to have registered citizens so they know who has what, and they can come after us."
Clyde argues that the ATF rule on pistol butts was born in this environment of hostility to the Second Amendment and private gun ownership, and he plans to fight it tooth and nail.
He said he had "three tools" to fight the rule.
The first of these instruments is the SHORT Act, and the second is the Congressional Review Act.
On January 30, the Breitbart News portal quoted Clyde outlining his plan to "reintroduce the Stop Harassing Owners of Rifles Today Act, or SHORT Act, which would repeal elements of the National Firearms Act, thereby prohibiting the ATF from registering and banning pistols with stabilization weapons."
He also noted that he would "submit a non-approval decision under the Congressional Review Act to nullify illegal overreach by the Biden administration."
Both the SHORT and Congressional Review Act have the ability to block the ATF office rule on pistol butts.
But as Clyde told the Breitbart News portal on Thursday, the big challenge is that both of those trips will ultimately require President Biden's signature, either to enact short-term legislation or to finalize a non-approval decision under the Congressional Review Act.
He made it clear that getting Biden's signature isn't impossible, because there are several ways, such as short-term legislation could be added to other, larger bills that Democrats are very eager to pass.
Clyde suggested, however, that there was a third way to block the ATF's rule on pistol butts.
He said: "I am a member of the endowment committee and we can repeal this rule on pistol butts through the so-called restrictive amendment. We can literally repeal that rule and basically say, "No money may be spent on implementing or enforcing this particular rule on pistol butts."
And we can do the same with the ATF's rule on the pouch of the striker or the cap/body from last August.
I think both of these rules need to be repealed, and I look forward to working with our acquirers.
AWR Hawkins is an award-winning columnist for the Breitbart News portal and the author/curator of Down Range with AWR Hawkins, a weekly newsletter focused on everything related to the Second Amendment, also for the Breitbart News portal.
He is a political analyst for Armed American Radio and an ambassador for Turning Point USA.
AWR Hawkins holds a doctorate in military history focusing on the Vietnam War (River Navy), the US Navy since its inception, the Civil War and early Modern Europe.
Follow him on Instagram: @awr_hawkins.
You can subscribe to Down Range at breitbart.com/downrange.
Contact him directly at awrhawkins@breitbart.com.
Avoid Wi-Fi connections - go to Bluetooth!
In October 2017, I bought it for my wife.
At the time, we were in the middle of a move and living in a hotel.
I failed to connect this weight to the hotel Wi-Fi.
I decided to wait until we moved into our home and I could set up my own Wi-Fi.
March 2018 - I set up my Wi-Fi and this weight is still not connected.
You will see an error message every time you try.
Even though I'm only 10 feet from the Wi-Fi unit.
According to the YouTube video, I made the setup without success.
When I bought the unit, I thought it would connect directly to my wife's phone (like Bluetooth).
Instead, it uses this weight to communicate with a Wi-Fi router phone.
This system is limited to connecting to a router... which is usually not close to the bedroom as opposed to a mobile phone!
Because of the Wi-Fi connection, I wouldn't recommend this weight to anyone.
Instead, look at systems that use Bluetooth to communicate.
I'm replacing it with a scale that connects via Bluetooth.
It's weird to balk, but at the same time not have a clue about what your one repetition maximum is, because that's one of the main methods people follow for their progress.
I practice alone in a bedroom with no spotter and even no weight rack.
Just me and a dumbbell with a bunch of weights.
I struggle on the bed.
If I was trying to find out one of my repetition highs, I might not have enough weights to reach it, or it might actually hurt me /kill me.
Anyway, I'm going to load up more today.
It's still cool.
'Instinct' tells me the missing woman is not in the river
The search for missing Englishwoman Nicole Bulley continues on the 16th day after her partner said his "instinct" was that she was not in the river.
Lancashire Police said officers were keeping an 'open mind' and were continuing to appeal for information about Ms Bulley, who disappeared on January 27 while walking her dog in St Michael's on Wyre.
Police are continuing to search the River Wyre towards the sea at the mouth of Morecambe Bay and are working on one hypothesis that a 45-year-old woman from the village of Inskip may have fallen into the river.
They were assisted in the search by specialists and divers from the Royal CoastGuard, the Mountain Service and the Lancashire County Fire Brigade, as well as search dogs, drones and police helicopters.
Mrs Bulley disappeared while walking her springer spaniel Willow near the river shortly after taking her daughters, aged six and nine, to school.
The mortgage counselor's phone was found on a bench overlooking the river, still connected to a work call.
Her partner, Paul Ansell, said he wanted to keep "all options open about her disappearance" but his "instinct" tells him she's not in the river.
He described Ms Bulley as "funny," "loving," "the most loyal friend you could ever have" and "an exceptional mom" who "absolutely adores their girls."
"He's just a pillar of strength for our family, and without it, the hole is bigger than you could ever imagine," he told Channel 5 News.
Mr Ansell said that although the family was going through an 'unprecedented hell', the hope of finding his partner was 'stronger than ever'.
Police have ruled out culpability and are treating the case as a missing persons investigation.
On Thursday, the search moved from the village of St Michael's to an area about 10 miles downstream where the river at the mouth of Morecambe Bay flows into the sea, and patrol and rescue boats were seen in the area.
One of the craziest parts of all, how my neighbors turned on me, is thinking about how much antagonism costs.
Forget about me, okay.
Ignore me, okay.
It hurts, but you have to do it.
At this point, however, outright hostility and violence are getting worse.
That takes effort.
Slamming the door in my face takes effort.
Our dogs used to be best friends.
And I still have no idea what I could have done to deserve it.
They've had the keys to my apartment for over six years.
I could have sworn the burrata didn't exist five years ago
Which is my personal Mandela effect.
I've never seen her in a cookbook.
I've never seen her in a better grocery store or any of the Italian delis.
I've never seen anyone's mom make it, or stuff it at my party, or appear in connection with anyone's goofy bits while making gravy or baking
One day she just showed up and suddenly she was all over the place.
I've entered the burrata dimension.
I'm sorry, huh?
My friend recommended a mask for this line, so I bought this, this conditioner, and everything in one milk.
I can't talk about the effectiveness of the product because the smell was just unbearable.
Do you know that the musty smell in old buildings is used in women's toilets to try and mask the smell of *ladies*, but it turns out to be something like the sour and chemical smell of a musty granny?
Yeah, it all comes to me when I feel it.
You know different moves of different people, so maybe you'll like the smell.
My friend said it can help even the most damaged hair, so if you don't care about smell or smell, there's nothing to worry about.
I know natural products won't smell as good as some synthetic ones, but I'd say more and more natural ones are taking less care of this one because they're going to sell anyway, and so now everything just smells like dough.
I lost several popular lines because of them, which changed the ingredients in the formula to cheaper ones.
I don't know if it's this case or if it's a fake (which I called davines and they said it wasn't), but this smacks of shit and I had to give it back.
I am so tired of headlines claiming that "telework is dead" or that "telework was a failed experiment."
These headlines and articles usually refer to one CEO of a large company.
It's all click bait, but it worries me because of the management and managers who read these articles.
Before 2020, there was telework.
There are still jobs that can be done remotely for the foreseeable future.
Long-distance work is possible.
It allows people to work in comfortable spaces and not in crowded and noisy offices.
It allows availability for anyone with an internet connection and a good workspace.
It allows people to avoid the lengthy commute that takes time out of their day and their families.
Ignoring these facts is wrong.
Stop generalizing and try to understand how your employees actually do the work.
#WFH #entrepreneurship #neurodiversity
Disconnected from Vision Supplies
October 2017 bought four (4) cassettes from Vision Supplies - Amazon Marketplace, so I had them when I needed them and to save on shipping.
Used two over the last few years, about one a year, and worked well.
Last week I tried one, after printing 20 labels it was almost blank, but last one ran up 40 pages.
Both are missing plastic.
The warranty has ended!!!!
Who would want to check every single tape on delivery????
BUYER'S ATTENTION!!!!!!!!!!
He and Johnny Depp are amazing actors.
As for his portrayal of Churchill
Mr. Oldman played and created many different characters.
It's very hard to know it's him.
He and Johnny Depp are amazing actors.
As for his portrayal of Churchill, it was very well executed.
The compressed time frame from May 10 to May 26 was well illustrated by the seven-count flip of the ticket clock...
The scenery and costumes were excellent.
It is piquant that today's pair of demigods hold world political positions.
It's worth watching several times... it's worth thinking deeply... many more times
What you pay for, you get
I was disappointed when I got this item, because the silver part that goes by the face seemed to be made of some cheap plastic.
It did not disappoint me that this was plastic either, but that the plastic used was incredibly cheap.
To me, that detail ruined the whole look.
I also didn't think it could withstand everyday wear, so I finally gave it back.
I was disappointed because it seemed like it might have been a good deal if it hadn't been.
However, if you are able to overlook this, it may be right for you.
It was well packed and it arrived quickly.
[PERSON3] I have a strong feeling that our work isn't exactly in the domain of speech, it's unhealthy.
Because there's no concept of speech here.
We are working directly on the text.
However, the point is that the proposal for this year's statistical workshop is behind us, it took place in September, which was too early for us.
And another proposal would come in 2022, which would be too late for us.
It's better if we get into one of two choruses, either sectile or interspeech, because they're both well-known in the community.
We can motivate participants to commit.
The only caveat I find now that we're going to interspeech is that they won't give us space in the proceedings, which may discourage some attendees, I'm not sure how excited they'll be about publishing an article in the archive.
So they can publish people at any time in the archives, right?
Which is therefore not a benefit for their profiles.
So how to motivate participants to join our common task.
That was the reason why I particularly argued for a special session.
But the problem this time is that last time there was a period of five months between the submission of proposals, the submission and the final submission of the article, so it would have been enough time for our plan, but this time
It's only been three months.
Some programmers: "The speed of writing doesn't matter!"
or "Modal editors are useless these days" :morty:
Me extracting the functionality of my #Axum projects into shared libraries: "Hold my keyboard" :partyparrot: :helix: :ferrisdance:
I'm not sure that's the best approach for sharing, but I like it so far: &lt;URL&gt;
Note: You may be inspired, but libraries are not intended for public use.
How would you share personal libraries?
Looking for a list of the best vampire pc games?
Being able to jump really high, tear ordinary people to shreds, use spooky magic powers and supplement health by feasting on their enemies - that should be the basis of all computer games, to be honest.
Despite the best efforts of Bram Stoker, Max Schreck and Stephenie Meyer in trying to make them look bad - all of them...
Someone messed up the recipe??
This is so weird.
In normal light it looks like I have pink and orange, but under UV light they're the same!
I drew a pink line using a stick from another brand to see what pink was supposed to look like and know it wasn't just my camera.
Pink is my most used color, so it kind of bugs me.
Red, orange and pink are basically all orange.
There's no point calling them red or pink.
White isn't as bright as I'd hoped.
The other colors are all great, and I like how easy those colors are to wash off.
I just thought it was pink.
I think purple will do.
For a while, I toyed with this idea:
Mental health is often seen as something separate from "normal" health.
Why?
Because it's happening in the mind, and it seems less tangible than physical health.
In fact, the health of your mind and your brain is as much a matter of health as the health of your feet.
Intersex is even recognised by terf and the like because it is generally more physical and, as such, visible.
Just as mental health is considered by many to be less "real" than physical health, I have the feeling that being trans is merely the intersex of the mind.
The more I read about studies on sex, gender, psychology, the more I find the statement "My gender is male, my gender is female" simplistic and inaccurate.
It almost looks like ceding part of the argument to the TERFs.
I feel like being trans means being "biologically nonbinary."
My gender is nonbinary, my gender is female.
I think the term "non-binary" needs to be extended from just the term gender in order to be used when talking about gender.
So I think this fair is an important possible source of non-native English language that we can use to expand the test set.
So I think we should really focus on the Clearest voice competition, and if we have to, we can build a booth.
I'd like to limit that, though, because the spread among high school students has less impact for us.
It's more important to use it as a test session.
We should therefore focus [PERSON1] on the [PROJECT2] Clearest voice competition and on ensuring that the organisers are satisfied so that we can collect data there.
And do whatever they want us to do in exchange, and we need to check their plenary agenda and what type of headlines would be useful for this plenary program.
so it would be a testing session for us, and as far as our own participation in this fair goes, I don't think it's overly important.
So if we're going to be asked, if we're really expected to be there and participate, then fine, but if we're not, then I think it's definitely good for us to just be behind the curtain and behind the scenes, doing our jobs there.
[PERSON1] Yeah, I haven't tried to register yet, but I think last time it was mandatory to have a booth.
[PERSON2] Yes. So you discuss with them what it takes to be happy and allow us to do a Clearest voice, which is the most important thing.
The test session is less urgent.
And the booth is something we could really avoid if we could.
The case against Biden's candidacy is obvious - and weak
Why is that important?
While Biden and his Democratic colleagues can't do much about legislating with Republicans controlling the House of Representatives, they can still lead by example for the next two years.
All members of the team should work together to find opportunities to play good guys, while Republicans will have those strange tendencies of bad guys.
But it is also important for Biden to establish credibility with Americans - and perhaps become a necessary driver of change in our all-too-stale political culture.
Washington, a well-known cynical place, has become famous for its sanity-destroying notions of leadership.
One of the best known is perhaps the strange standard by which public admitting mistakes is a sign of weakness, and politicians should try comically to avoid it.
There is another way: In Bailout, Neil Barofsky's recollection of his time in Washington as special inspector general overseeing the Troubled Asset Relief Program, describes the advice he received from Kristine Belisle, a woman he had cleverly hired as his communications director.
It was as anti-Washington as it got: "We will admit our mistakes and even point them out."
As she further explained, there is one method in a strategy that most people inside Washington's 495 Ring Road, dubbed the Beltway, would regard as madness:
The best way to earn the trust of the press.
They'll know we don't reject them like everyone else.
SIGTARP will quickly become the only credible source of information on the TARP program in Washington.
We may sometimes feel ashamed and reveal things we might hide - and others would easily hide them - but we will shock the press with our sincerity.
No one else does, and we'll have a defense built up in no time if we're attacked.
No matter what they hear, journalists will come to us first and believe us, because we will prove to them that we are telling the truth.
That may be the biggest reason Biden continues to take responsibility radically: There are inevitably moments in every presidency when it is crucial to have the trust of the public and the institutions that protect civic interests.
In addition, important capital can be raised by recognizing our flaws, and there is an important difference in which Biden can match his political adversaries.
For his own good, the President should follow the old adage: Tell the truth and don't let the devil tempt you into lying.
I'd rather they joined the sessions before they did things like that.
That's why you really need to rehearse these preparations.
In the online world, it seems like you just have to jump into a session and the job is done.
But that is not the case.
It always takes 30 minutes to get back online and connect properly.
That's why we have to get there first.
And if any session we're doing starts at nine, then the organizers will meet at quarter past nine.
Then we have to come in at quarter past nine to have an extra 30 minutes to make sure everything's running and to herd people.
So that's a note to all that in order for management to work, please also anticipate what management may suddenly want you to do, and that might help you a little.
Another very important message is recording these important sessions.
I don't know if you responded, I didn't see anyone provide any -- any updates to the document.
Maybe I forgot to tell you all.
I had a documentary about the experiences of [PROJECT4] and [PROJECT5] 2020.
And the first point of this experience is that we were very bad at recording these sessions.
For the purposes of further evaluation or analysis of what went wrong, it's important to have quality recordings of these sessions.
One aspect is getting consents so that recording can actually be done.
Even if we try to get approvals retrospectively or in any other way.
Then there's the technicalside of recording.
And we've seen that it's very diverse and complex.
Yeah, [PERSON5] sends this link.
I remember emailing him.
I've had to criticize a recent art graduate quite a bit tonight.
Partly because he was poorly taught.
But it's important not to make excuses for problems and just solve them, especially in manufacturing, when management needs change.
Especially with regard to competition.
Every artist has been through this, made the same mistakes.
Good criticism is used to quickly fix the problem and is not focused on your abilities.
It assumes that you are able to solve the problem or find a solution.
Presidents Cup: Candystripes beat Rovers in season opener at Brandywell Stadium
Derry midfielder Adam Reilly took down Lee Grace at Brandywell Stadium
Derry City won the Presidents Cup by beating Shamrock Rovers 2 : 0.
The FAI Cup holders beat the league champions last season at the Brandywell Stadium thanks to first-half goals from Will Patching and Michael Duffy.
The Hoops were outnumbered in the second half, but Ruaidhri Higgins' charges resisted and won the warm-up game.
Next Friday, Derry will travel to St. Patrick's Athletic for their league opener.
Patching's side volley put Derry ahead after 23 minutes - the keeper opened the scoring when The Foylesider's won 2 in February last year: 1 over the final champions.
The Hoops won the Premier Division by 13 points, but Duffy soon moved even further ahead when he managed a long shot under goalkeeper Leon Pohls and into the net.
Last year's vice-captains had two goals to spare at half-time.
Graham Burke came closest to narrowing the gap in the second half, but the Candystripes finally won comfortably a week before the national championship game.
City boss Ruaidhri Higgins praised his team after what he said was the "toughest week of his life" given the death of his brother Kevin.
"It's a kick in the chin and we're in for some tough weeks, but we'll continue in his honor," said Higgins.
"To beat Shamrock Rovers, and deservedly so, with a good performance, is really pleasing."
#I've got coffee today, sunshine and relax!
I started a new shawl.
I'm not sure about him at the moment.
I found an unevenly spun silver-gray yarn, which is mostly gently purred with lumps.
I plan to mix it with a soft purple/ lilac-colored cotton.
But I'm not sure I've had enough of the purple one.
I use hook H on a similar pattern from a short post as I've crocheted before.
I made the first connection last night, so we'll see.
Happy Thursday, everyone!
#FalconGameBooks
The eight-eyed repnides seem to be watching you land the glider on the red ground, but they don't move towards you, they don't actually move as you step out of the glider and walk slowly towards them.
The ground starts to shake under your feet and then shake like an earthquake and you lose your footing, although the repnides don't seem to be affected.
The rock beneath you will suddenly give way.
The repnides have dug beneath the surface and you will fall into the boiling mass of hundreds of bodies of repnides in the cave below.
The end is swift, a few pairs of mandibles inject you with deadly poison, and the air of Dyskry infects your lungs.
No one will ever know that you were the first human traveler to the future.
You land the glider nose up on the side of the slag heap and climb out.
The eight-eyed repnides seem to be watching you, but they don't move toward you, they don't actually move as you walk slowly toward them.
You pause again on a lump of weathered rock and earth and speak to them: "I come in peace, as a friend."
They can't seem to hear you, let alone understand you, because your universal translator won't pick up any answers.
You choose to use your psychic consciousness to connect with them mentally.
It's hard to fathom the meaning of their thoughts, which are frighteningly alien, and your mind balks at contact with them.
You decide that making contact again would be dangerous, and you go back to the glider, but this experience clears your mind, which has been confused since you jumped into the future.
Once you return to falcon's wing, it's pretty easy to plot a course for Earth in 3034 AD.
You'll notice you used up another polybdenum rod when you jumped.
(continuing.)
I'm often amazed at people's ability to *so much* criticize themselves when we're swamped with so much evidence of what real cruelty looks like.
To suffer personal failure and guilt in a world where "success" so often reaches the people responsible for the most repulsive acts...
We're all such immoral vermin.
But alleviating despair at our immorality is essential - because it gives us more room to deal with destruction all around.
So try not to forget it, okay?
Kindness to oneself is also activism.
My home is comfortable and amazing, and I'm happy there, but I have to be somewhere else to relax during the day and read fiction without remorse.
It's like I'm on vacation, and that's why I do what I do on vacation.
That's despite the fact that I haven't slept here as well as I have at home the last two nights, and I get a little bit of fatigue syndrome just from being in a strange environment where I'm harder to navigate and I have to remember where things are.
This is despite the fact that I still have my to-do list and also organise my life.
It works well after headaches.
There were some problems to make it work properly.
The cable supplied wasn't good - it didn't charge the battery.
When I replaced the cable with my own, I managed to charge the device and then connect it via Bluetooth to the PC.
He had trouble finding the PC software, but when I emailed their support, they responded within a day with the correct download information.
To test the unit, the PC program works well after you find out which port to use (in my case, port 4).
The accuracy and stability of the unit looks very good for my application, however, I couldn't connect to the iPhone or iPad (I tried several of each) via Bluetooth.
If I decide to use this device in my product, I'll have to plug it in via a wire.
Good umbrella, I'd buy it again if I had to
First of all, I have to say, the color is beautiful.
A lot of the things I order in purple always seem too bright, too babyish, too weird, too neon, what have you.
But this purple was distinctive and fresh and I love it, the umbrella is firm and really good quality.
Probably the best umbrella I've had.
It comes with a wrapper, and while it may not be very functional, it really does retain a sharp look.
But I hate art education and literature classes, and my past education bears this out.
I literally tried EVERY ONE of them, and I dropped ALL of them.
Two years ago, I had no idea until I looked at my entries.
The hatred of literature lessons is even worse: I like to read.
I read most of the classics before I turned eighteen - though that's more a reflection of the fact that I was living in a complete backwater, I read brittany's 1979 Encyclopedia out of desperation.
IN NUMBERS: Oslo neighbourhoods where the most foreigners live
Some 177,000 of Oslo's 634,000 inhabitants have migrated to Norway from other countries.
If we include those born in Oslo to parents of foreigners, the proportion of immigrants or people with a migrant background will rise to more than a third.
According to data from the National Bureau of Statistics (SSB), oslo is the largest group of immigrants from Asia, including Turkey, with more than 62,985 living in the city.
The second largest group are EU, EEA and UK citizens, who make up less than 10 per cent of the city's population.
Africans make up the third largest group of immigrants in Oslo, with 28,020 people from Africa.
The fourth largest group are Europeans from non-UK, EU or EEA countries, with 15,566 Oslo residents.
The size of the groups continues to decrease significantly.
In 2022, for example, there were just under 7,000 citizens from countries in South America, while there were just over 3,000 citizens from North and Central America.
While there were fewer than 700 people in Oslo from Oceania.
Alna, in the northeast of the city, was the neighborhood with the largest population of foreigners.
In 2022, some 18,257 foreigners were reported to be staying there.
The second highest population among foreigners was the trendy Grünerløkka district, located within reasonable distance of the centre, of 17,631 people.
There were also large numbers of immigrants living in the Gamle Oslo district - 17,631 people who had moved here from another country.
Data from the Norwegian Statistical Office showed that foreigners are dispersed throughout all the city's neighbourhoods, for example in Søndre Nordstrand, the southernmost district of Oslo, more than 14,000 immigrants were registered.
Many immigrants also lived in sought-after areas because Frogner was the neighborhood with the fifth-highest number of foreigners.
The remaining ten neighbourhoods in Oslo with the largest population from another country are Stovner, Bjerke, Grorud, Østensjø and Sagene.
At the other end of the spectrum, only 184 foreigners lived in the Marka district, and just over 700 lived in the city's central district.
The other neighbourhoods with the least number of foreigners are Ullern, Vestre Aker and Nordstrand.
However, there were significantly more immigrants living in these neighbourhoods than in central Oslo and the Marka district.
Those from EU and EEA countries and those from the UK lived mainly in frogner, Grünerløkka, Gamle Oslo and St Hanshaugen.
Although oslo was also home to many citizens from Asia, including Turkey (5,837), most of them were reported to be in the neighborhoods of Alna, Stovner and Søndre Nordstrand.
Gamle Oslo and Alna were the two neighbourhoods of the city where the most immigrants from Africa lived, along with the neighbourhoods of Stovner, Grünerløkka and Søndre Norstrand.
Immigrants from North America were fairly evenly divided between the districts of Frogner, Grünerløkka, Gamle Oslo, Vestre Aker and Nordre Aker.
Citizens from South and Central America were most frequently found in frogner, Grünerløkka, Gamle Oslo, St.Hanshaugen and Sagene.
Non-EU, EEA and UK Europeans were more likely to live in the city's most central district and in the neighbourhoods of Ullern, Vestre Aker, Nordre Aker and Stovner.
Finally, of several hundred Oceania nationals, Frogner, Grünerløkka and Gamle Oslo were the urban districts with the highest number of those nationals.
[PERSON11] But for some folders the audio format is wrong for some reason, so something is wrong -
Basically, there's a big deal or something wrong.
So some files are still -- they still have a strange output.
But -- but it should be all right with most files by now.
[PERSON1] Okay, thanks.
[PERSON6] Yeah, that's great.
I support it, it's great that [PERSON7] you were thinking of [PERSON11].
And now it's time for [PERSON11].
There are other things that I've been thinking about, [PERSON11] and that would only be coaching, empty systems doing shortcuts.
So if you, [PERSON11], had time.
It's obvious there's no way we can make it next week.
But we should have a system -- ready for --
I watched the tutorial from the NLP - was it him?
[PERSON6] For upcoming sessions and stuff, I asked about the demand because I saw the demo project (meme).
They make headlines offline.
So it's a little bit easier than what we do.
They still have the same problems with segmentation and everything.
But their translation mission is being shortened simply because data is being shortened.
And that's because their target size is headlines that are created for people with hearing disabilities.
So there is a kind of natural shortening in the data.
It would be great if we, too, could find the type of data where natural shortening occurs.
We'd put him in architecture.
[PERSON8] That takes a little bit of time because I have to figure out which one is the one that's going through.
So as soon as I know, I'll be able to keep an eye on it, so for the future -
Or, in fact, in the future, I won't need to, because once I have a web file, I probably won't have to convert it.
[PERSON6] Well, this, this should actually be --
Can you still hear me?
The sound quality is slightly worse.
So it really should be done all the time.
Thus, every time this assessment is carried out, it should be triggered completely from the beginning.
So each time there should be a new download of the new conversion and a new evaluation.
[PERSON8] But still, as I watch the files that need to be converted manually in order to write the script, and it could take care of at least the familiar ones, and of course, if we add some new files, I can look at it later.
[PERSON6] So this is an important thing that we should have come across months ago.
Remember, I've been telling you since August that we want to evaluate on a later test file.
And every time, you're all...
It's not just about you personally, [PERSON8].
There were other things, of course.
But every time you thought about it, you thought "it's going to be easy, we're just going to run it."
And it's not until you really do that that you'll see all the problems.
That's how it's known, common.
And it's always like that.
So this is a message for everyone.
Before you try, you never know what the problem is going to be.
For example, the call I had, when someone interviewed me, wanted to record a video.
Zoom has never worked as bad for me as it did today when I was recording.
Before you do that, you can't tell whether it's going to work or not.
And this is where we run into problems converting file formats.
So hopefully we can get the numbers quickly.
Do you have any data on word error rates so far?
[PERSON8] No, I didn't process them.
So [PERSON1] said once they get the transcript, we'll do it together.
Didn't work with my 1999 Buick LeSabre
The item arrived quickly and appeared to be in good condition, even including a pre-installed battery.
Although it was supposed to be compatible with my 1999 Buick LeSabre, the remote could not be programmed or synchronised with the car.
The instructions are simple enough, and I know I followed them correctly, having successfully reprogrammed my old remote key.
This new one, however, did not work, so I will be returning it.
There was no problem with the dealer or the service, it just seems that this particular item was defective or incompatible with my vehicle.
[PERSON11] It should be feasible, so let's try it.
It would be like -- it would be great if you could do it.
So I'll write it down.
So &lt;parallel_talk&gt; focuses on the [ORGANISATION62] deadline to submit an article about the headliner study. &lt;/parallel_talk&gt;
Yes &lt;parallel_talk&gt; and then to multiple sources with [PERSON7] or based on [PERSON7], possibly - &lt;/parallel_talk&gt;.
And in terms of language ID, I wonder how exactly you want to integrate it, because that already involves taking into account more ASR resources, more channels, so what would be the case for use in language ID?
How do we plug it in?
[PERSON13] It's going to be a text-to-text audio converter, and it's going to transmit time stamps as if for four or two-second windows and classes.
&lt;unintelligible/&gt; quiet, English, German, English, and then I'll leave it up to the others to use it in a pail.
[PERSON11] That's important.
Please write it down here in the documentator, this summary &lt;unintelligible/&gt;, because it's for [PERSON2].
And also [PERSON2] when you talk to [PERSON10], and also maybe [PERSON5].
If we have this tool, you need to (send) audio to more ASR or more transducers &lt;unintelligible/&gt;
Separately, we will have to (send) audio to English ASR, separately to German ASR and Czech ASR, for example depending on &lt;other_noise/&gt;.
And also into this language ID translator, and then we need to merge these outputs, and that's a tool that we don't have yet.
This is a multi-source tool that will track text outputs and also time stamps and will transmit - it will probably seem to create output into three separate language channels for the use of either silence or proper ASR.
So we need a filter for ASR to keep ASR quiet if it's the wrong language, and for recognized text if it's the right language.
I just invented that type of setup.
Another of the settings would be that the same sound would be sent to ASR and this language controller.
This language controller is basically part of ASR, and in the case of the wrong language, he'll shut down ASR.
That,too, is a possibility.
So, we need to figure out which way to integrate language ID is best for our purposes.
So think about what our pajplajny are like.
Ideally, in my opinion, there would be the least amount of management confusion, and so on, if our MT models were multilingual.
If they supported different source languages and translated from any of them into English.
Alternatively, they would only need to make a copy if english was entered as an input, so we would have a multi-lingual multiple ASR at the beginning.
Everything will go to English, and from English to all languages.
And later, when [PERSON12] has a multilingual ASR model, this language ID won't be needed at all.
#CNN just has to close.
Last night's #MangoMoron fiasco was a scandalous fiasco.
Who in that poor, dying network was responsible for vetting so-called "independent voters" in the audience?
What cable news "agent" called to give that fat, lying criminal so much airtime?
Trump's prized building at 40 Wall Street is in the lender's sights amid falling revenues: report
Donald Trump's skyscraper at 40 Wall Street, which is heavily mortgaged, is "in the lender's sights" due to steeply declining revenues and rising costs, Bloomberg reported On Friday.
According to a monthly report on the rest of the building's $126.5 million mortgage, the vacancy rate for the 72-story building that is Trump's most valuable building soared to nearly 18% in the third quarter of last year, Bloomberg reported.
Meanwhile, spending has reportedly increased by 11% since the mortgage began in 2015.
Trump has frequently boasted about the building he acquired in 1995, which was valued at $540 million in 2015.
On the day of the September 11, 2001, terrorist attacks that destroyed the World Trade Center and killed 3,000 people, Trump boasted in a television interview that 40 Wall Street was suddenly the tallest building in the city.
His claim was not only insensitive, but also deceitful.
The tallest building after the Twin Towers were destroyed became another nearby skyscraper on Pine Street in Lower Manhattan.
Rents of high-rise office buildings in Manhattan have been declining for several years, exacerbated by the outbreak of the COVID-19 pandemic, when many companies went out of business and employees of surviving companies worked remotely.
Wells Fargo, which serves a mortgage on 40 Wall Street, has "approached the borrower to determine the state of the rental development" and plans to improve the property's performance, according to the Bloomberg report.
Pedestrian dies in hospital after being hit by car in Cowdenbeath village, man arrested
A female pedestrian has died following a collision with a car in the Fife area.
The 38-year-old woman was taken to Victoria Hospital in Kirkcaldy after the accident on Broad Street, Cowdenbeath, at around 2.30pm on Friday.
A 24-year-old man was subsequently arrested in connection with the accident.
Police are appealing for any witnesses or persons with dashboard camera footage to come forward.
Sergeant Lee Walkingshaw said: "Our investigation is continuing and we ask anyone who was in the vicinity and witnessed the accident to get in touch with us."
I would also ask anyone who has travelled through the area who may have dashboard ccTV footage which could assist us in our investigation to contact us.
"Anyone who can assist is asked to call The Scottish Police on 101 and give the incident number 1638 of Friday 10 February 2023."
McDonald's pulls "tasteless" advertisement near crematorium - RT World News
McDonald's has apologised after an advertisement for the fast-food chain's 'McCrispy' burger was placed close to a crematorium in the UK - although some locals saw the funny side.
Following mounting complaints from residents of Truro in the British county of Cornwall, the restaurant chain has vowed to remove the inflammatory advertisement.
On Friday, it gained attention on social networks because it was placed on a busy road directly opposite the facility that offers cremation services.
The brightly lit advertisement, which was placed directly behind a sign aimed at the crematorium, was described as "tasteless" by some angry locals.
"While I can understand the funny side, it's in poor taste, and I'm sure some grieving family members won't be happy to see it when they visit Penmount during the funeral and cremation of a loved one," said one resident, whose mother-in-law was cremated at the funeral home last year, as cited by british media.
But not everyone was so scandalized by the unfortunate placement of the ad, with one local noting that one's reaction to it was likely to be affected by "how long ago you followed a sign that said crematorium in a black suit."
One person said he "fell out of his chair laughing" when he spotted the advertisement online, while another local commented that it was "no worse" than the county council's decision to consider the idea of allowing a crematorium to be built "next to a nursing home for pensioners."
Local media on Friday released a statement from McDonald's that was issued shortly after the screenshot of the ad appeared online, in which the restaurant chain said it would remove the ad as soon as possible.
"We weren't aware of the road sign near this bus stop. However, due to the concerns expressed by news portal CornwallLive, we have requested the removal of our advertising," the fast food brand said.
Cornwall County Council, which runs both the crematorium and the shelter at the bus stop at which the advertisement is placed, declined to comment on the upheaval when asked by local media.
Some Super Bowl commercials I can't wait to see
A 1990s sitcom star reprises her favorite role to sell you car insurance.
An ad that becomes a cultural phenomenon and immediately gets the green light as a TV show that goes from a 12-second scene to a 10-season run.
All the celebrities from last year's cryptocurrency ads are apologizing for their cryptocurrency ads.
These guys from the American Budweiser commercial, but the point is, they're old now.
They all like detective stories now, don't they?
So, some series of commercials directed by Rian Johnson, where if you find out who did the killings, you get a discount on your annual car insurance.
An ad that's going to make all the super conservative online dudes furious for about a week.
Timothée Chalamet in some capacity.
Someone who's supposedly been abolished forever is making a triumphant return to television to sell you beer.
An ad for the worst movie you'll ever see, which I'm sure you'll watch when it's available on streaming platforms in three weeks.
An excruciatingly catchy new theme song you'll be singing for years to come.
A recycled Twitter joke from two months old.
A musician whose whole point is that he's countercultural, and who counterculturally tells you to contract with Wells Fargo.
The kid from the old Mazda commercial who did "zum zum" but the joke is he's all grown up now.
I kind of like the akkoma software and domain name that I got for my instance.
But I sort of feel like I started this instance with a takeaway on the wrong foot.
And I've never been comfortable there.
I'm going to stick around for a while and think about migrating at all.
works for me most of the time
A few months ago, I had my whole head bleached, and then I dyed it black box paint.
Then I had highlights all over my head.
A few weeks later, I applied Arctic Fox blue-green hair dye to my hair, and it wouldn't fade.
I used this thing with Olaplex #3, and I lightened it VERY much all over my head, removing the green and blue parts, as well as the dark box color.
After a day, however, I noticed a green hair tone.
Every day it gets worse and worse and I've used a paint extractor twice with the same result.
My hair will also darken where the box colour was.
This is a great product that just doesn't seem to last.
It's very small...
I received a money belt and it's much smaller than the pictures show.
I wish I hadn't bought it, and I'd still have to look for something bigger.
Good exchange price
The grille of my car's radiator had been ripped off by something large flying on an interstate, so I needed a replacement.
After reading some reviews, I was worried this wouldn't fit, but it was perfect!
I own a 2013 Corolla LE.
I didn't put it on myself - I had the body shop guy do it for me - but it looked really easy.
In less than 5 minutes, it clicked right into place.
I gave it 4 stars for sturdiness because it seems quite weak (time and departing rubble will check), but overall I am very satisfied that my car no longer has a gaping mouth on the front and that the price was reasonable.
And then I agree that there's a lot of buzz in this dictionary.
So I asked you to have different versions of this dictionary by only taking the words that were observed five times.
And only those pronunciations that have been observed three or more times, or something like that.
So here's how to make these random mistakes, like the example with these four IBM instead of IBM.
This isn't going to be that common.
But you'll still have variations in the pronunciation, because if a person says it "alzo," if you remember, if they say it "alzo" with a "Z" for, for an interview 20 times, then you'll see it in the data with a "Z."
And if he ever gets it right, then yeah, you'll see it in the data again.
So I would like [PERSON4] to be in contact with [PERSON2].
Maybe you'll keep talking, huh?
I'm going to have to leave now because I have to give the kids lunch and everything.
But please stay on the call and find out how to use the dictionary together.
So, [PERSON4], please show [PERSON2] what vocabulary the system is receiving.
Share the screen and show it.
And [PERSON2], please take a look at this and help with the dictionary conversion that you put on that file.
One of the things that will still be needed is to replace the language model.
But all those words should be familiar.
So,[PERSON4], you have to figure out what words are in the language model.
And the words that are in the language model should simply be copied.
So the dictionary will have three columns.
Grafém as it is on the output.
One recognized.
The phonemes as [PERSON2] designed them.
And there will be more lines with different variations of phonemes.
The third column will be the same again for all of them and will have the same form of graphene again.
And that's when the language model sees it.
And I think that's the way these systems should be able to load it.
And you might run into one other problem: that he's not ready for two big dictionaries of his own.
So even that is something that needs to be tested, but please test it the two of you together.
So [PERSON2] knows what he's created in the dictionary.
And you know what a dictionary looks like when you create it manually, and you have to combine those two knowledges together.
Oh, so it works with that, the dictionary generated.
[PERSON4] Okay.
[PERSON6] So, [PERSON2], does that make sense?
[PERSON2] Yeah, sure, we'll discuss it.
[PERSON6] Yeah, so is there anything else, [PERSON2], that you have?
[PERSON2] Well, maybe interesting information for Dominic.
I'm completing a German ASR training that can be used for a time stamp.
I'm not sure how good it's going to be because I'm trying to do it on (Libry) Speech.
When I downloaded it, they said it had over 600 hours.
But then while coaching, it turned out that the actual training set only contained about 300 hours.
And I'm still not sure the 300 hours contain similar sentences.
Or, indeed, the same sentences, but uttered by different speakers.
In English or English, for example, I used to observe more violent conversions.
And now he's not converting so fast.
So if we take a few samples while we're coaching.
Then there are still some serious errors in the ASR output.
So I hope it's good enough for a time stamp.
Or at least we can try.
Good, but it would take finding something better
After much research, I started using this product many years ago.
It had the least amount of harmful additives and still worked well.
However, it dries so quickly that you end up using so much lubricant, and this ends up costing a lot of money and also cancels out too much during sex.
I was just too lazy to find a new product, but I'm going to start looking for one that's harmless, works well, and doesn't cost too much.
All those who bristle at their hair for CNN can thank Stephen Colbert for that hard right turn.
He helped make Chris Licht a national problem.
As much as we may like some people, if they're just providing a second-rate career for fascists, they should probably stop.
I disagree that the #Mastodon network is difficult to set up.
It's simple, it's really not that hard.
However, it is more difficult to find people to watch and create your timeline.
I wish there was some sort of "who to watch" recommendation.
But beyond that, it is not difficult - if you use a third-party application such as Elk and/or Ivory.
If you stick with the default web interface, it doesn't look and feel good (in my humble opinion).
So it takes a little more effort to get into it, and you'll probably need a good app for a better #UX.
WRONG CODE PRINTED ON THE TOP OF THE CAPSULE
I bought them in February.
I tried using them recently, and unfortunately every time I try one, my Keurig machine shows me an error message that the module is not compatible with my machine.
I've been using pods from the Lusky Donut Shop in my machine since the first purchase, and I've never had a problem.
Upon closer inspection of the coffee pod, I noticed that the code printed on the top of the capsule was not very readable, so I can only assume that I have a faulty box.
I bought a pack of 72, which is 6 boxes of 12.
I also tried one of each of the 6 boxes and I keep getting the same error message.
I know it's not my device, because the other capsules I try work well.
I only have this problem with this shipment.
I was very disappointed because my refund period had already expired.
UPDATE: I spoke to a customer representative who is returning the money.
Thank you to AMAZON for your amazing customer support!
Writing Wonders 5/11: Does your MC laugh harder or cry harder?
Abe hides his sorrows and laughs easily, while Tom is not afraid to cry, but is less amused by the harsh humour.
Jan hurts you before she shows you she's hurt, and she laughs the most when things are upside down.
Mio knows that sadness is the constant companion of life.
After 4,000 emergencies, Yl finds himself in a place of love and has a genuine sense that he doesn't know what to do, so there's plenty of both.
[PERSON2] But part of Flask or part of the communication with the client is something I can't do.
Because I don't have any experience or time to get it working.
[PERSON1] I thought it meant something he was using, I don't know, a mediator.
[PERSON2] No, you create an HTTP client that can fill the queue and read from another queue.
And send the text back in an HTTP request.
My idea is that user clicks will also be used in the Ukrainian project.
[PERSON2] And my idea is that the client clicks on this microphone button and starts talking, and when the user talks, you send the sound at the same time in small pieces.
Let's say 200 or even 100 milliseconds.
And on the HTTP server, you put it in a queue that I'll process later using (ASR).
And the model makes a certain logic, a certain inference, based on that.
And whenever a new part of the transcript appears, it sends it back, and the user should get a partial transcript back.
And it should appear immediately in the text box.
[PERSON1] I could think about it.
I just don't really know Flask either, but, yeah, I can think about it.
[PERSON2] Oh, maybe another HTTP server.
I don't know, maybe we don't even need an embroidered HTTP server.
[PERSON1] We use something like Hypercore for text flow, but I'm not sure that would work in this case.
[PERSON2] Yeah, the only requirement is that it handles multiple connections at once.
[PERSON1] Well, I think the online text flow is something like 2,000 minimum.
On the first train today, the conductor looked at our tickets and said "long way!"
"Yeah, and I'll be back today," I said.
I tried to explain that I was dropping him off in Glasgow and gestured to my passenger.
"It's not often you hear someone being dropped off in Glasgow," the conductor said.
I've never said such a thing before.
I can only say good things about this set of gift bags
I can only say good things about this set of gift bags.
I could wrap all my Christmas presents in bags, gift wrappers and tissue paper.
The product is very high quality and different sizes facilitate the best choice for each gift!
I highly recommend it.
The seller is completely nice and attentive.
After the purchase, he approached me to make sure I was happy with my product.
5 stars with a twist!
Thank you to those people who have downloaded leasey's latest update.
A few very small difficulties have come to light.
Nothing to set off alarm bells, but they're still addressed.
A small update will be released next week to fix them.
Most of yesterday was spent by some customers installing a new update, and everyone who needs this help should have received it by now.
Good day!
It might be good on a pole, but NOT as a hanging bulkhead or a weather shield.
Shame on Audubon.
The instructions tell you to push the plug up through the bulkhead opening and "Make sure it's securely in place."
HOW???
It is designed so that the bulkhead simply sits loose on the plug, so that it can be pushed up by any creature or the slightest wind.
You can turn the plug upside down so that the wing bolts are on the underside of the bulkhead, but it takes you hours to turn these screws; no tool can do that, and only the smallest fingers can do it easily.
It took me over an hour to get the dope down and screw it in to secure the bulkhead to the plug.
It's a complete PITA.
I've ordered four of these; the three I haven't opened are going straight back, and I'm looking for better weather protection on the web.
(Let's not kid ourselves, there's no such thing as actually "confusing" squirrels!)
Jared O'Mara should never have been a Labour candidate, says Rachel Reeves
The shadow chancellor said the discredited former MP Jared O'Mara "should never have been selected as Labour's candidate" and deserved a four-year jail sentence.
Rachel Reeves spoke to the Guardian in the Bolton North East constituency on Friday, hours after key figures in the local party resigned in protest at labour's national executive committee (NEC) managing the process of selecting MPs for the next parliamentary election.
The entire selection committee in the Bolton North East constituency has resigned after not being allowed to select a shortlist, an increasingly common practice in Keir Starmer's Labour Party: "Once again, the Labour Party seems to be trying to promote the views and attitudes of the London cabal, not local members in the north."
They added: "This contradicts the position that is necessary to regain the red wall that is so desperately needed to form a Labour government."
Reeves said. "I don't know what the circumstances of what happened in the Bolton constituency are, but I do know that those who were selected are strong candidates, often with very strong roots in their communities."
Particularly unfortunate was the fact that Leigh Drennan, labour leader in the North West and adviser to Warrington North CONStituency MP Charlotte Nichols, who is supporting Jeremy Corbyn, was not included in the wider selection to try to win back the seat from the Conservatives, despite winning nominations from four major trade unions.
Reeves said she had nothing to do with the selection of candidates, but added: "I know it's really important that we have strict procedures for who can be included in the wider pool and who can be shortlisted."
O'Mara was sentenced to four years in prison this week after a jury found he had submitted bogus claims for expenses totalling £52,000 in an attempt to fund his addiction to cocaine and alcohol.
Many suggest that he was not properly canvassed by Labour when he was selected to fight Nick Clegg, the former Deputy Prime Minister for the Liberal Democrats, in the Sheffield Hallam constituency in the 2017 early parliamentary elections.
Asked if the O'Mara debacle continued to haunt the minds of Labour NEC members, Reeves replied: "I don't mean to imply in any way that anyone who isn't shortlisted is a cocaine user.
But Jared O'Mara was a terrible case.
He should never have been selected for the Labour ticket, he should never have become an MP.
He used public money, so it's absolutely right that he got punished."
The circumstances of O'Mara's case were "pretty extraordinary," Reeves said, but admitted that: "There are important lessons for the Labour Party and all political parties in choosing candidates.
But I would also say that in this parliament we have seen a steady undermining of standards in politics, not least by alternating prime ministers, fines and parties, with standards far short of what might be expected."
She added: "What I would say about the Labour Party is that when someone makes a mistake, they are suspended from the Commons. And that's just not the case with the Conservative Party."
Archie Bland and Nimo Omer will introduce you to the best stories and their meaning every weekday morning for free.
Privacy Notices: Newsletters may include information about charities, online advertising and content funded by outside parties.
For more information, see our Privacy Policy.
We use Google reCaptcha to protect our website and the Google Privacy Policy and Terms of Service apply.
In the Bolton constituency, Reeves met apprentices at the training centre of Openreach, which provides a broadband network in the UK.
After watching apprentices climb the training telegraph poles at the £1.7 million construction site, Reeves discussed Labour's plans to revise the apprenticeship levy, which forces larger firms to defer 0.5% of wages to fund apprentices.
Businesses complain that the levy is too inflexible. For example, Openreach, Reeves said, "wants to retrain people who work on copper grids to work on fibre optics, but the apprenticeship levy is not as flexible when it comes to retraining."
Reeves said Labour would change the levy so that companies could use the money to retrain workers in sectors such as the car industry and the installation of gas boilers currently being carried out.
"We need them to learn to work with electric cars or install heat pumps or hydrogen boilers as part of the energy transition to carbon neutrality.
We want these people to be retrained and get the skills they need to succeed.
And yet they are opposed by the apprenticeship levy.
Businesses want more flexibility and young people starting their lives, or older people wanting to retrain, want to ensure that their skills are relevant to the future," Reeves said.
This week's call for Revelations reads: Stay up all night.
I've been fiddling with this piece in my head for days.
It's definitely more romantic than dirt.
I guess I've read too many romantic short stories with impossible plots about "meeting cute guys," and this is the result, but I like them.
I'm definitely going to have an orgasm at the Mile Club one day, too, but probably not with an outsider
It's kind of reactionary, just using old proven methods all the time.
It is currently completely impossible to perform any domain adaptation for fully neuronal ASR.
So I'm considering an independent search for keywords from the audio and some sort of merging process.
Well, we could have two ASRs running at the same time.
End-to-end ASR, which is generally better.
And then domain-adapted settings from [PROJECT5], which are only used to recognize keywords.
And if we see a key word in the domain adapted version, then we would, then we would use a sentence from [PROJECT5], which is generally worse, but contains the correct expressions.
That's my suggestion of what we could do.
Another suggestion is that we should have our own fully neuronal ASR and conduct various experiments with fine-tuning and all.
So we discussed it with [PERSON14].
And, [PERSON14], do you have any updates from your potential colleague or friend?
[PERSON17] Yeah, so if there's anyone else here who cares, please let me know or get in touch.
So that's, it's something that could generally be well received as an article, because people aren't doing it yet.
And that's the most pressing issue these days.
So we could really make an impact there.
[PERSON6] Yeah, maybe I was just thinking like what kinds of data we're using for it at the moment, because for example, like if you look at the models like from [ORGANIZATION4] to [ORGANIZATION5], that they're already kind of pretty good at these things -
[PERSON6] And I think if we just kind of --
We could probably get data from them, because on [ORGANIZATION5], you basically have this big set of videos with different domains and different native languages of speakers.
And it occurred to me that we might as well use some kind of tool that would essentially download several kinds of filtered videos from [ORGANIZATION5] and create a training set of training tests.
The Department of Homeland Security has hired a law firm to handle the possible impeachment proceedings of Alejandro Mayorkas
The Department of Homeland Security has hired an outside law firm, Debevoise &amp; Plimpton to assist him in possible impeachment proceedings against Secretary Alejandro Mayorkas, who could face charges brought by House Republicans in connection with the southern border protection procedure.
"The Department of Homeland Security has hired an outside adviser to help ensure that the Department's vital mission is not interrupted by unprecedented, unwarranted, partisan impeachment efforts by some members of Congress who have already taken steps to initiate proceedings," a spokesman for the Department of Homeland Security said in a statement Friday.
"The Department of Homeland Security will continue to prioritize protecting our country from terrorism, responding to natural disasters, and securing our borders, responding appropriately to the demands of the more than 70 Committees and Congressional Subcommittees that oversee the Department of Homeland Security."
A Department of Homeland Security official told CBS News that the department hired the firm to do contract work for the duration of congressional investigations.
Debevoise was chosen because of its expertise in impeachment and experience working with both parties under congressional oversight.
Homeland Security Secretary Alejandro Mayorkas speaks during a joint press conference with Mexican officials at the State Department in Washington, D.C., october 13, 2022.
OLIVIER DOULIERY / AFP via Getty Images
The Justice Department recently announced that debevoise's contract is a reasonable expense for the Department of Homeland Security.
The Department of Homeland Security is trying to ensure that its mission is not undermined by partisan attacks and that the proceedings against Mayorkas are conducted by people with appropriate expertise.
Mayorkas did not comment on this development, but last Thursday, asked about the impeachment investigation, he told reporters: "We will cooperate with this Congress, just as we worked with the last Congress. I think it's our responsibility."
He admitted that complying with the House of Representatives investigation "will take time."
"I will devote time to this, as will others, but we will also not discount the time we devote to fulfilling our mission."
A senior official at the Department of Homeland Security confirmed that Mayorkas had not yet met with his new outside counsel.
Only one cabinet member has ever faced impeachment, that of Secretary of War William Belknap.
In 1876, Belknap, who served in the government of President Ulysses S. Grant, was accused of taking bribes, but was eventually acquitted by the Senate.
Report trends
Thank you for reading CBS NEWS.
It's not too easy to build, and besides....
It's a nice-looking piece of furniture after it's been assembled, but it's been hard to assemble.
Some of the letters were mislabeled, so I had to try to figure it out myself. All the bolts they'd delivered for the floor ingress and the side panels had snapped.
I had to go out and buy corner holders to make sure they stayed together.
Also, the glass doors are off the line and do not sit evenly.
This alignment prevents one of the doors from remaining closed because the magnet used to keep the doors closed is out of line.
I still haven't figured out how to align them.
I put myself on Google's "Test Kitchen Equipped with AI" waiting list and got in that day.
So far, so disappointing.
"MusicLM Demos" is just a little bit interesting.
You can ask for a particular piece of music, such as "jazz with a trumpet solo in 5/4 measure," and after a few seconds it generates two songs for you.
He seems to understand tact, but... the music just... isn't good.
Throwing everything you have overboard in response to your GPT is not the right thing to do.
Try harder, Google.
It's fake news, refutes CBN claim that it doesn't have the capacity to print more new naira notes
The Central Bank of Nigeria (CBN) called a misleading report that allegedly quotes CBN Governor Godwin Emefiele as blaming the current problem with the distribution of newly designed naira banknotes on the lack of printing materials at Nigerian Security Printing and Minting Company Plc.
In a statement on Saturday, CBN spokesman Osita Nwasinobi said that the CBN governor had in no way made such a statement during his presentation to the National Council of State at its meeting on Friday, February 10, 2023.
Nwasinobi said that Emefiele had merely told the meeting that the NSPMC was working to print all the naira denominations to meet the Nigerians' transaction needs.
He said that while the CBN appreciated the concerns of all stakeholders about the distribution of new naira notes, "we are concerned about the extent to which interest groups are trying to manipulate the facts and turn the public against the bank."
Nwasinobi stated that the CBN remains committed to carrying out its monetary policy functions as set out in the CBN Act 2007 (as amended).
"We would also like to reiterate that NSPMC has the capacity and sufficient material to produce the required official order for naira.
"The Bank would therefore like to urge the public not to take the reports into account and to be more reticent while we work steadily to increase the circulation of new banknotes in the country," he said.
On the specific social media voice claiming that the CBN was planning to close some banks, particularly in a particular geopolitical region of the country, the CBN stated that there was no such plan and that these claims were illogical and did not match the functioning of the Nigerian banking system.
"We therefore advise the public to ignore these recordings as they do not represent the direction of the CBN principles and are merely a desperate attempt by those who want to turn the public against the bank," he said.
CAUTION... THE SMELL IS VERY BAD... THE HOLE FOR THE CARDS IS TOO BIG!
When I first saw it, I thought it was beautiful, but it felt SO BAD.
At first I thought it was the smell of leather, but many pointed out that it was the smell of mould.
He never disappeared, so I had to give it back.
Plus, the credit card openings are too big.
Credit cards slide all the way down, corners don't show, so you have no idea which card is where and it's very difficult to eject.
PHOTO WHERE THE CARDS ARE SEEN IS NOT ACCURATE.
There is significant evidence that communication in the real world cannot be reduced to sending signals with meaning independent of context.
Based on a variant of the classic Lewis (1969) signalling model, in this work we examine the conditions for the emergence of context-dependent communication in a situational scenario.
Mainly, we show that the pressure to minimize vocabulary size is sufficient for such emergence.
At the same time, we also study environmental conditions and cognitive abilities that allow contextual clarity of meanings of symbols.
We show that limiting the environment to the recipient's reference choice can be unilaterally abused by the sender without making the recipient clearer.
In line with normal assumptions, contextual awareness seems to be required for contextual communication by the sender.
We suggest that context-dependent communication is a multilayer phenomenon that is fundamentally influenced by environmental characteristics, such as the distribution of contexts.
The model that has been developed in this work is a demonstration of how non-context signals can be ambiguous, but still allow for near-perfect communication accuracy.
Jack Smith should win any immunity fight in connection with Mike Pence's subpoena
The news that special counsel Jack Smith has summoned Mike Pence to court raises the question: How will the Trump team use the courts to derail this latest development in justice department scrutiny?
The short answer is that any attempt to thwart Pence's subpoena on the grounds of executive immunity should be unsuccessful.
First, there is the question of whether the former president can even invoke such immunity.
Recall that Trump unsuccessfully tried to prevent a House of Representatives committee from obtaining the White House records on January 6.
The Supreme Court declined to consider Trump's appeal last year, with only One Justice Clarence Thomas (husband of 2020 election denier Ginni Thomas) expressing opposition.
But the court left open the question of whether the former president could invoke immunity, with Judge Brett Kavanaugh suggesting he would support such a claim.
So it is at least unclear whether the former president can invoke immunity without saying whether such a claim would succeed.
Moreover, an appeal to the Supreme Court over then-President Richard Nixon's attempt to avoid a subpoena shows that indefinite enforcement of immunity is not enough and can be overcome by a specific need for evidence.
The court in the case United States v. Nixon, from 1974, said:
... if the reason for applying immunity to the material summonsed to be used in criminal proceedings is based solely on the general interest of confidentiality, this cannot override the essential requirements of due legal process in the context of the fair administration of criminal justice.
The general enforcement of immunity must give way to the proven specific need for evidence in ongoing criminal proceedings.
That's why precedent is on the government's side.
Of course, delays in litigation even if he loses may be some victory for Trump.
But the chances of successfully claiming immunity are further diminished by the previous rejection of Trump's attempt to block testimony before a grand jury on January 6.
As The Washington Post reported in October, that refusal stated that, for example, former Pence adviser Marc Short "probably possessed information relevant to the Justice Department's criminal investigation into the January 6, 2021, capitol attack that was not available from other sources."
That Pence is also likely to possess unique information would help the Justice Department's potential fight over subpoenas.
And the reason we think Pence has such information is just another reason why a claim for immunity shouldn't be successful.
That's because Pence chose to write publicly about at least some of his alleged conversations with Trump in connection with January 6.
It's hard to argue that communication is subject to immunity when you've previously deemed it appropriate for publication.
Thus, while a subpoena may represent a variety of political and personal calculations for Pence, who could run for the Republican nomination in 2024 against Trump as someone who effectively turned a blind eye to calls for Pence's extrajudicial execution on January 6, it should be easy for the courts to side with the Justice Department on immunity.
Exactly as described
This is a basic quilted coat.
If you're looking for a basic coat, then this coat will live up to your expectations.
The coat came in a vacuum-sealed bag, so it needs to be hung for a few days to post a squeeze and get a little "bloated."
I'm 5'10", and my coat is knee-length.
Given the other comments and experiences of the past, I ordered more than 2 sizes too big and the coat is probably a bit bigger than it needed to be.
With a thicker sweater or hoodie, however, it should be fine.
There are no cuffs on the sleeves, so I'll probably add them later.
The hood works, but there are no drawstrings.
Front zip works.
There are no vents on the hips or back for more movement, but due to the larger size I should have plenty of room.
I have two pockets at my waist (they can be higher or lower for you).
It has no decorative elements or stylish details - this is a BASIC COAT.
I think it's fine for the price.
I took it on in a windy but not cold day.
I couldn't feel the wind, so I feel like that's a good sign.
However, I am curious to see how it will behave in colder temperatures and in rain/snow (it is supposed to be resilient).
Overall, I'm happy.
The vacuum bag can be used repeatedly and the seller attached a really cute thank you card, which was a great gesture.
I liked the ring - but I couldn't wear it all the time! :(
This ring was beautiful.
I really liked the design and the robust feel; it looked expensive and was very comfortable!
The only reason I only gave 3 stars and ended up returning the product is because I realized I wouldn't be able to wear it all the time.
I like to wear my rings all the time, which is why I always make sure I get the mint silver, and I know that some people said their rings lost their luster after a while, but I wore mine for about a week straight - even while washing my hands - and I didn't notice any loss of shine.
What's quite interesting is that the problem I had was that the inside of the ring actually made my finger turn white and moist - much like a Band-Aid does when you keep it on for a long time.
That's what happened, though I made sure the ring and my finger were completely dry.
I don't know why it happened and it never happened to me with any other ring, but it started to make me uncomfortable, so I decided it wasn't going to be a ring for me.
:( Too bad, because I really liked him!
So if you want to buy this ring with the intention of wearing it only occasionally, I say go for it!!
He won't let you down!
In arguing, suppose that science consists, at least in part, of lists of objectively factual claims about the world, true independently of any theory they might support.
While it's true that such facts exist in science, it can still be argued that scientific facts are loaded with theory.
The scientific facts are based on experiments.
Experiments do not create facts about this record, but the selection of experiments that can be conducted controls which facts are discovered.
Some facts, such as about subatomic particles, can only be the result of experiments that are themselves only possible in capitalism because they require too many resources, organization, and coercion to do otherwise.
This is a very brief sketch of a plausible argument that theories of capitalism affecting the actual content of science are consistent with theories that promote the existence of objective scientific facts.
This is *not* an argument in favor of the existence of objective scientific facts that I don't believe in.
A UPS store near me won't allow me to write a label or write on a box.
You need to print the label.
They won't let me tell them the address of where it's going and who's sending it.
I have to e-mail some random address with no format data so the clerk can read the e-mail, enter it into his system, and print out the label.
And each time, they charge me $2.25 for the "benefit."
Do you know an effective way for a web component to respond to adding or removing from a document?
This is for the Wikipedia Component Library (OOUI).
It's mostly semantic HTML with CSS and generally doesn't require custom elements (which offers connectedCallback).
We are currently using the MutationObserver hack.
We don't watch the whole documentary for performance.
We create a separated temporary parent, install the MO there and observe how it disconnects (that is, connects elsewhere).
Teen charged with murder in December Chicago school shooting that left two people dead
Police announced Friday that a 16-year-old boy has been charged with murder in connection with december's deadly shooting of two Chicago high school students.
The suspect is charged with two counts of first-degree murder and two counts of attempted murder, Chicago Police Chief Inspector David Brown announced.
"Right now, we have no clear motive as to why a 16-year-old would want to shoot and kill other children," Brown said.
The suspect's name was not released on Friday because of his age, but Brown said he would face charges of murder and attempted murder as an adult.
On December 16, four teenagers were shot dead at Benito Juarez High School.
The two victims who died were boys aged 14 and 15, police reported at the time.
According to investigators, tips from the public led them to the suspect, who was arrested on Thursday.
"We are grateful to those who have been brave enough to provide information to ensure that the perpetrator is caught and is now held accountable for his actions," said Cook County District Attorney Kim Foxx.
Brown said the suspect should appear at a custody hearing on Saturday for further details of the evidence gathered.
I like many of the functions of these lights
I bought this lamp to complement the light my new vegetable seedlings were getting from the window.
I like many of the functions of these lights.
Benefits: First, they are easy to latch onto my shelf and bend to many positions, allowing me to make changes as my plants grow.
The lights are cool to the touch and don't hurt when plants are touched.
I believe my vegetables have benefited from the light.
The lights are dimmable, but I only use the strongest settings.
I didn't use the timer, I prefer to turn it on and off myself.
I see this feature as useful in an office environment with indoor plants or when you're on vacation. Drawbacks: I don't believe these lights are strong enough to be the primary light source for nursery plants.
The lights are small!
When the lights burn out, I'll have to buy a whole new unit.
Wagner owner says war in Ukraine will last for years
The owner of a Russian private military company, wagner's group, which actively participates in the fighting in Ukraine, predicts that the war may extend over several years.
Yevgeny Prigozhin said in a video interview issued late on Friday that it could take Russia 18 months to two years to fully secure control of Ukraine's eastern industrial heartland, Donbas.
He added that the war could last for three years if Moscow decided to seize the wider territory to the east of the Dnieper River.
The statement by Prigozhin, a millionaire who has close ties to Russian President Vladimir Putin and has been dubbed "Putin's chef" for his lucrative Kremlin catering contracts, means acknowledging the difficulties the Kremlin faces in a campaign that it initially expected to successfully end within weeks when Russian troops invaded Ukraine on February 24.
Russia suffered a series of humiliating defeats in the autumn when the Ukrainian army launched a successful counteroffensive, reclaiming vast territories in the east and south of the country.
The Kremlin has avoided forecasting how long the fighting could continue, saying that the so-called "special military operation" will continue until its objectives are met.
Russian forces have targeted the Ukrainian provinces of Luhansk and Donetsk, which make up the Donbas region, where Moscow-backed separatists have been fighting Ukrainian forces since 2014.
Prigozhin said that the mercenaries of Wagner's group were continuing to fight hard for control of the Ukrainian stronghold of Bachmut in the Donetsk region.
He admitted that ukrainian troops put up a fierce resistance.
As Russian troops continue their attacks on the Donbass region, Moscow is also trying to demoralize Ukrainians by leaving them without heat or water in the bitter cold.
On Friday, Russia launched its 14th round of massive strikes on Ukrainian energy facilities and other important infrastructure.
High-voltage infrastructure has been affected in eastern, western and southern regions, leading to power cuts in some areas.
Ukrainian energy company Ukrenergo said on Saturday that the situation was "difficult but manageable" and added that back-up sources were involved to maintain electricity supplies, but warned that electricity rationing would continue in some areas.
The commander of the Ukrainian army, General Valery Zaluzhny, said that Russian forces launched 71 missiles, 35 S-300 missiles and seven Shah drones from Thursday evening to noon On Friday. He added that Ukrainian air defenses shot down 61 missiles and five drones.
Ukrainian authorities later friday reported more attacks by killer drones.
The Ukrainian air force said that in the evening the army shot down 20 Shahhid drones.
Late on Friday, Russian military bloggers and some Ukrainian news outlets posted a video showing a naval drone attacking a strategic railway bridge in odessa region.
The grainy video shows a fast-moving object approaching a bridge in the town of Zatoka about 50 kilometers southwest of Odessa and exploding in a powerful explosion.
The authenticity of the video could not be verified.
The Ukrainian military has not commented on the attack, and regional administration spokesman Serhiy Bratchuk did not confirm the drone attack as part of Saturday's televised mentions.
The bridge, which was targeted by Russian missile strikes at the start of the war, serves a rail link to Romania, which is a key conduit for arms shipments from the West.
Follow the AP's coverage of the war in Ukraine: https://apnews.com/hub/russia-ukraine
#rat Casper is an absolute unit these days.
I think my new job was good for him - two free walks a day while I'm working, in fairly predictable times.
I finally have a good picture so I can be sure he's not fat.
(In #rats, too much body fat can be bad for their health.)
He's not.
He's just completely blown away that I've been ripped off twice a day at the office.
I don't have the weight to weigh him, but he feels like he's well over a pound.
It makes me so happy to see how he's doing.
The thing I was convinced of last night is that we must be prepared to fight Trumpism.
Trumpism is a cult.
It's a cult that no one really wants, except the fanatics that are in it.
And they're really crazy.
We can't let them take our country.
It's time to fight back.
Now go outside and go protest.
Get bumper stickers that are anti-Trump, and stick them all in.
Shout back at those who may try to talk about us.
It's not normal.
This is not OK...
[PERSON17] Okay, that's good, yeah.
So I started e-mailing you, but I don't think I ever finished it because you reminded me, [PERSON8], that swearing filtering isn't integrated yet.
And I think it's also an important message for [PERSON5], which has faded from the conversation again.
So the important message is that, yes, it is very good that you actively strive to integrate your results, and everyone should do so.
And at the same time, we need to have a setup so you can integrate and test it yourself.
I call it "self-help integration."
So, [PERSON8], when you're working with [PERSON5] and documenting what the settings are, make sure it's well enough tested by colleagues, such as [PERSON4] or even [PERSON9] in terms of language model checks and everyone else.
So whenever someone develops a new useful component, they should easily have a whole pajplajna to test for themselves.
So this self-help integration is important, because otherwise everything stays with you, [PERSON8], and you don't want to get overloaded.
That's why you want to give these people inputs and outputs as the first test approach that's been done.
Isn't that right, [PERSON4]?
Swearing filter, has it been tested on protocols yet?
I think it was.
[PERSON8] Yes, I think it was tested on protocols.
So now it's time to test him on sharp pails.
And again, I think it's better for [PERSON8] to explain to [PERSON4] how to do it, so that [PERSON4] will run some coyotes for itself and play some of the problematic files live, perhaps with the help of [PROJECT8] or whatever else.
Simply play them.
Watch the audio output on your computer and see how it works.
Because it's only when you actually set up that you get real errors.
It's important to first debug it with log files, and then it's important to debug it in pajpla.
And if that debugging could be done by the author of the component, in this case [PERSON4], it would be most effective for all of us.
So, [PERSON8], please confirm that you seem to agree with this idea of self-integration.
Ergonomic and affordable, but not very tolerant of constant use
It has a slimmer design shape that fits better in the hands, there are no sharp corners to tap into, and the power cable permanently connected makes it much less vulnerable to damage than the original XB1 controller.
The drawbacks are: 1) The vibration effect triggered by action play is much weaker.
2) The directional joystick and the controller buttons wear out very quickly.
We're very cumbersome and usually wear out 2-3 drivers per year.
For us, therefore, the annual investment in drivers means that we have to choose and be cautious when buying.
The controller has made do with tougher springs; after a few months, the most used buttons stop reacting and the right joystick loses its suspension, the IE- zooms in on the map screen, and the characters move forward without even touching the controller.
Today's Aerostrike Progress Report:
1) Slight adjustments to the layout of the Hel's Fighters map.
In addition, the map menu is fully functional!
2) The monetary remuneration system has been attached.
Tomorrow it will be tested in various battles.
It's ThinkPad day!!
I came home on my lunch break and saw it sat outside the uwu.
I wish I could take it with me to work and play with it more.
But that would have to wait until the end of the day.
Not like other tomb raider games
From the very beginning, I didn't feel that way about other tomb raider games.
The gameplay is brutal in that the controls are not clever to know what direction you want to take.
He lets you die in the most useless ways.
Puzzles are hard, but not in their logic.
I didn't enjoy this game.
I have no plans to finish it.
The story isn't distinctive either, and that's the main reason I play games.
[PERSON8] Or I tried it with Marian, who is currently participating in it, and it's... I don't know how many BLEU points lower.
[PERSON2] Because it's like the way I think Martin is doing &lt;unintelligible/&gt; he's translating multiple sentences at once and then he's just going to pick the middle one and he's going through the whole document like that.
So the context is like in one &lt;unintelligible/&gt; along with the sentence that we actually want to translate.
[PERSON10] Yeah, I mean -- it wasn't Dominic doing some experiments with Ivana?
I think in the last year or two years ago for the value of double empty, where they were paying attention to the context or chaining the context with the input sentence and doing some kind of translation at the document level.
But the issue with this, with the chaining, isn't quite sure it has the same effect, because we're doing the setup with more coders -
[PERSON1] Like everyone's different, it's definitely a different calculation, a different leader, but that, I'm surprised that [PERSON8] says it doesn't work - and period.
[PERSON8] Yeah, well, I'm sorry, maybe I should be more precise that it didn't work out like that the way I did it &lt;laugh/&gt;.
[PERSON1] Yeah, because I think it's a method that's very easy to test, and it should always be tested in contrast to two encoders, and I would expect it to be better and sometimes worse than two set encoders, depending on the exact job, like what exactly is the other thing you're coding.
So if you have two copies of two paraphrases of the same sentence,
maybe it's kind of confusing in terms of attention, so, whatever, I don't know.
The behavior could also have been different for the old post-sequence sequence methods compared to the transformer, so the RNN then behaved differently, maybe the transformer is, yeah, it's harder to train, so maybe you need to increase the number of warm-up, warm-up sets.
[PERSON2] Yeah, so you just know like --
[PERSON8] I don't remember it, so I don't remember it exactly, but it's like --
when I started experimenting with multiple sources in the summer.
First, I started chaining paraphernalia and resources, and maybe I am, now I don't remember,
I can check by the next meeting to see if I've tried, too,
I've certainly tried when resources are in first position, then some sort of separator and paraphernalia in second position.
Maybe I also tried to mix the two things up at random, yeah, and I just remember it was doing a lot of these compenetratory things and trying more coders.
[PERSON8] And that's probably because of the low score.
[PERSON2] &lt;unintelligible/&gt;, which you like, can improve your amenity score by simply connecting a phrase-based output, and attention is like a double diagonal, so attention is not a problem, so I like to believe you, but it's surprising that it didn't work.
[PERSON10] So if you enter an output based on a phrase, it's basically posting, right? You can think of it as posting like you're posting an output based on a phrase, right? Or as if it depends on your point of view, right?
[PERSON1] &lt;unintelligible/&gt;, which you like to fully transcribe but technically corresponds exactly to the task of posting, you can plug it in as a solution to the task of posting.
[PERSON10] Okay, so one question just for me to make sure you're inserting a sentence separator token in the chain settings, right?
Do you have a special token that distinguishes which sentence is sourced and which is contextual or other, or do you just chain it without anything?
And you hope the system will learn that?
[PERSON8] I tried, I guess, two tokens and yeah, like, because in the first version we suspected that the token might be tokenized on its own, so then I played it with another token that wasn't just meant for that purpose, because we used some pre-trained dictionary, and this dictionary didn't include separator tokens.
So I used some token that I assumed wouldn't seem tobe tokenized into several parts, so it would appear someday.
I had no guarantee that the token could not appear in other places in the sentence and that it was the only place it could appear.
So it could be done more properly, yeah, I agree.
[PERSON4] So I remember for [PROJECT1] I did this last year from some cabin on the mountain.
And I realized shortly before New Year's Eve that I had to send it.
A &lt;laugh/&gt; so that's also something that happens to [PERSON8]. I'm afraid he could be... well, not on any side, but maybe on the far side.
And then all of a sudden he realizes he's supposed to send it.
There will therefore be no review at this point. &lt;laugh/&gt;
He would simply take a PDF and record it that way. &lt;laugh/&gt;
[PERSON7] Well, okay.
So, yeah, I'll check on the 21st and otherwise E-mail them.
[PERSON4] Please, I think it's better to email them right away and ask them for that link in advance.
[PERSON7] Okay.
[PERSON4] Yeah, thanks.
[PERSON7] Do we have any more questions to discuss today, or is that it for the New Year?
[PERSON6] I hope it wasn't there for me?
I really like this circular light!
At that price, he's great and he'll get the job done!
The only problem is that the bulb heats up too quickly and the light goes out, so I have to turn it off and wait a while to turn it back on.
I don't think that should happen... I don't know if I have a faulty light or what, but apart from overheating, it's a very nice circular light.
Is it dangerous to let migrants on the southern border? I dunno.
Let them rehabilitate empty and decaying cities across the country. Again.
These people want to improve their lives.
White nationalists, gun fetishists, the dictatorial right wing... there's danger.
Deport white supremacists.
Nothing like previous Stylo phones, VERY DISAPPOINTING.
I had the original Stylo, as well as Stylo 2, Stylo 2 V and Stylo 2 Plus.
Obviously I really liked the Stylo phones, I also bought one every time a new one came out.
It was never because he had any problems or broke down, it was just because I always wanted to have an up-to-date version, and we did
Of all these phones, I never once had a problem with the phone itself.
When I bought the Stylo 3 through Virgin Mobile, I knew everything would go smoothly once I got the phone and set it up, but I was very wrong to assume this.
This phone was in so much trouble that I was genuinely shocked by how amazing the previous Stylo phones had been.
I have never even been able to successfully transfer this phone to my Virgin Mobile account.
I played with this phone for a little less than a week.
I searched the internet for information and made phone calls, desperately trying to put Stylo 3 ahead of the doubt and hoping it was just me, but unfortunately I wasted a lot of time doing it because it was 100% a phone that had all these problems that I didn't want to admit.
I hate that I have to give Stylo such a terrible rating and review, but this phone has failed me terribly.
Let's hope LG improves its game and improves future Stylo phones if there are any more, but this was a huge FAILURE.
The return of goods and money went smoothly, and that's the bright side.
Four teens charged with attacking a 14-year-old girl who committed suicide after a video of her beating was posted online
Father claims daughter took her own life after being bullied at New Jersey school
Father claims daughter took her own life after being bullied at New Jersey school 02:33
Four Teens from New Jersey have been charged in connection with the attack on a 14-year-old girl who later took her own life after video of the incident was posted on social media sites.
One juvenile is charged with aggravated assault, two juveniles are charged with conspiracy to commit aggravated assault, and one juvenile is charged with molestation, Ocean County District Attorney Bradley D. Billhimer said in an email to CBS News.
Fourteen-year-old Adriana Kuch was found dead at her home in Bayville on February 3, two days after a disturbing video of the attack at Central Regional High School was posted online.
The video shows the girls throwing drinks at the teen, then kicking and dragging her around the school hallways.
They pushed Adriana into the red lockers in the school hallway, and one of the girls in the pink T-shirt repeatedly punched Kuch.
Another girl laughed off the video as she recorded the scene.
Two adults got into a scuffle, one of them pulling the teens apart.
Adriana lay injured and covered in bruises on the hallway floor as the adult tried to help her up.
One of the girls said: "That belongs to you."
"She loved life. She was the happiest child. Everybody loved her," her father, Michael Kuch, told CBS New York on Thursday, adding that he was upset and wanted everyone to see the video and what the teens did to his daughter.
14-year-old Adriana Kuch committed suicide after a disturbing video of her being attacked at the school was posted online. CBS2
Kuch said that the police should have been called immediately because the students, whom he said his daughter had been having trouble with, had been smashed in the face with a pint bottle.
"If they called the police and did an investigation, those girls wouldn't be posting videos of the school," Kuch said.
He also said his daughter, who had bruises on her body, should have been taken to the hospital.
"We are always looking into every instance of bullying, and on the day of the incident, four female students were expelled," Dr. Triantafillos Parlapanides, a school superintendent, told CBS New York.
School officials told CBS New York that they informed the family and called Adriana's death horrible.
Each juvenile and her legal guardian were served with a copy of the lawsuit, and the juveniles were released pending future court appearances, the prosecutor told CBS News.
Students at the school staged a strike in support of Adriana's family on Wednesday.
If you or someone you know is in emotional distress or a suicide crisis, you can contact the 988 Helpline for suicide and crisis situations by calling or texting 988.
Here you can also chat with the 988 Suicide and Crisis Helpline.
For more information on mental health and support resources, call the National Alliance on Mental Illness (NAMI) helpline, available Monday to Friday from 10 a.m. to 10 p.m.
Eastern Time at 1-800-950-NAMI (6264) or email info@nami.org.
I was a voracious reader when I was young.
Then life crushed my soul and I lost all my passion for fiction and great storytelling.
But after ~decades~ of reading about almost nothing (with the exception of functional working texts, educational literature and the occasional self-help book), I set myself the goal of reading 23 books in 2023.
Now I'm in book 31 and it's only May.
I'm BACK baby!
I have quite a draft in my basement, and that basically means a lot of rodents can take refuge there.
There were more signs of rodents last month, and we were exceptionally surprised because it's spring and I thought they were going out with the change in the weather.
But I had a few plain old traps set, and every few days I honestly added peanut butter to them, because the mice were happy to lick it.
Last night I finally got tired of it, cleaned up all the peanut butter traps and stuck pistachios on them.
It worked.
(fwiw, I tried almost all the "humane" traps that were on the market, with very little success.
I'm not very happy about killing them, but I'm not going to comment on the ethics of killing mice.)
Easy to install?????
Overall, I am quite happy with this purchase, but it was not so easy for me to perform the installation.
I tried several times to install both "bells" in the plugged-in transmitter without success.
I was about to return it because it didn't work, but I thought I'd give it another go and check the battery bells.
Voila... there were little plastic studs sticking out of the battery covers, which I pulled until plastic pieces fell out, obscuring the batteries and preventing them from operating.
After removing these plastic pieces, the bells worked well and I was perfectly happy with this purchase.
Curiously, there is no mention in the user manual of the plastic barrier above the battery, which had to be removed for the bell to work.
It would be a lot less frustrating if they mentioned it, and I didn't have to think the problem was that I didn't finish the installation correctly.
It's a good product with a wide range of ring tones and tunes to choose from, and it's easy to change at any time.
One thing they ask when assessing this bell is how "resilient it is in outdoor conditions".
I can't comment because I installed it on July 5, 2019, and I probably won't be able to comment on how resilient it is until the next rainy season... probably november.
Quirky student Arnie Cunningham falls in love with Christine, the rusty 1958 Plymouth Fury, and becomes obsessed with restoring the classic automobile to its original glory.
As the car changes, so does Arnie, whose newfound self-confidence turns to arrogance at the wheel of his exotic beauty.
I dreamed that my parents were playing my porn game and giving me feedback.
In real life, my mom liked the puzzle game I created years ago, and she found most of the secrets herself, which is why she wasn't just a mom when she said she liked it.
So maybe she can also like my porn game?
Perhaps he has too many linguistic subtleties.
I need it translated into Mandarin or hokkien, neither of which I know at all.
I guess I'll have to see if Bing or Google is better at translating dirty gay sex games.
I give this book 10 stars!
Excellent reading!!
I absolutely loved the book!!
Over the years, I've adopted 4 Siamese cats from Siri, and they've all been total sweethearts.
Once you start reading this book, it's hard to put it down.
Funny, witty and very funny!!
Siri exceeds all limits in his efforts to save cats (mainly Siamese ones!!
Musical start
The piano is a great instrument for beginners!
It reveals your child's inner artistic abilities and musical talents.
Develops good hand-eye coordination.
The piano is not just a toy to play, but actually works and allows the child to play music from an early age.
If you want your child to become a future pianist, you should try this product!
It's very worth the money!
Broken in less than a week
I like the product, it's a nice size and colour!
However, I only had it for a week, I opened one of the doors and it snapped at the top of the wooden piece!
I'm really disappointed!
Everything is assembled and I don't have the box anymore, so how could I even think about sending it back?!
My husband tried to fix it with wood glue, but unfortunately it didn't work either!
The door popped up again!!
I'm tired of conservative parties and governments hiding behind brands for business.
At least they're not in Alberta.
Of course they cut business taxes.
But they're also cutting grants, and tax credits encourage more business activity.
I have a business. It's successful despite the provincial government, not because of it.
Echidna with amethyst and purple spikes.
They have average height, average body build and are muscular.
Their tail is extremely dense.
Their hair is raspberry, short and curly.
Their eyes are pear-shaped and they wear scarlet glasses.
Their most interesting qualities are their good deeds.
I spoke to 30 health and wellness experts about how to avoid burnout
In everyday life, we are constantly looking for ways to increase our energy and avoid burnout, especially in our jobs.
This can be extremely difficult for health workers, which is why I asked the same question to 30 health and wellness professionals: "How do you manage your energy and not burn out in your profession?"
The range of their professions ranges from doctors specializing in infectious diseases to psychologists to mindfulness teachers - and they all had great advice on how to stay motivated and continue the pace of activity.
Despite the big differences in their roles, there were several themes in the answers that stood out as ways to prevent burnout.
Here are the four most common approaches they use.
1. Build a strong community
Euphrine Young, who works with terminally ill patients, is able to maintain her energy thanks to her strong support system.
Young is a certified neurologist and ALS specialist in the neurology department at Upstate University Hospital and says they are "mobilizing as an army of people" here.
There is no cure for amyotrophic lateral sclerosis (ALS) yet, but knowing that she's not the only one trying her best to develop treatments and provide her patients with better options helps Young continue through the most difficult days.
"We don't bear the weight of the world, but we are part of the world of people who advocate for this work," he says.
2. Rest when you need to
Working two jobs as a sleep researcher and algorithm designer, all while caring for a newborn baby, would surely lead to burnout if he did not rest, according to Raphael Vallato.
"When I feel on the verge of burnout, basically every task feels like a mountain to climb, and every task feels very urgent and important," Vallat says.
In these moments, "you really have to take some time off and realize that these tasks can wait."
Vallat usually finds times during the day when he can take a break and spend time in nature to anchor himself before returning to work.
3. Be passionate about what you're doing and don't forget your mission
Until spring 2022, infectious diseasespecialist Céline Gounder worked 100 hours a week seven days a week.
Her front-line work during the pandemic took up almost all of her time, but she avoided burnout by reminding herself why her work was important.
"I don't think work feels like work when you feel like you're influencing something," Gounder says.
"When you're working crazy shifts and doing something that doesn't make any sense to you, I think you really should step back and think about what you're doing."
4. Have other pleasures
Each of the experts said they were pursuing a hobby, such as exercise, dancing or even playing guitar.
It's extremely important to have a life that you enjoy that transcends what you achieve on the job, says Christina Maslach, social psychologist, professor emeritus of psychology at the University of California, Berkeley, and author of "The Burnout Challenge: Managing People's Relationships with Their Jobs'.
"Look at your life as a whole, make sure there are good things in it, and make sure you make time for them."
Get CNBC's Warren Buffett Investing Guide for free, which summarizes the billionaire#1's best advice for regular investors, recommendations on what to do and what not to do, and three key investing principles in a clear and simple guide.
Sign up now: Get smarter access to your money and career with our weekly newsletter
You have now completed the entire round trip on the new ICNG train.
I really like him.
Especially wagons with larger windows.
There are areas that could be improved.
Notably, there is a lack of baskets and missing signs explaining the significance of the lighting colours.
Fix these little problems, and then we could take more.
I won't be sad to see the end of ICM or DDZ shares.
So while watching videos about composting and viewing pictures of flowers is a wonderful reminder to look up and realize life off screen,
It is equally important to explore servers and IP addresses.
Watch how good folks sow and roast (and not randomly scatter) seeds.
These roots are hidden.
You can't see the work.
But it's for strong and resilient growth in the future.
Ok, it takes some tweaking.
A decent training tool, but it really needs some sort of safety lock over the shock button (it was pressed several times at random when I had it in my pocket than I actually intended to use) my dogs even winced after stepping on the remote control.
Also, if your dog likes to roll around in raccoon turds like mine, washing him is like having a pain in the ass.
When the fecal matter gets between the cracks in the device, you're going to have to take the whole thing apart to clean the device properly and get rid of the smell.
Also, the range is a little inconsistent.
I notice you need almost direct supervision to make it work.
And at times it didn't work at all, even though I was only 30 feet away from my dog.
The recharging option is certainly a nice feature and the charged state lasts quite a long time.
I only need to charge mine once every two weeks.
I think it would be easier to break than they thought.
I give this product 3 stars for the fact that when I got it, it was already broken inside.
As soon as I examined it, I realized whoever put it in the box put it in the broken box. It could either be from the production or the problem could be that the buyer returned the goods and claimed he just didn't want them. Or maybe he didn't need it, and maybe Amazon didn't do a good enough quality check when he came back.
In all fairness, the buyer couldn't say it was broken, because then Amazon wouldn't take it back, which is particularly good for this kind of product, even though I'm the one caught up in someone's negligence.
However, I got my money back, so after thinking about it and discussing it with my wife, I decided to give this buyer another chance.
With what has been said, I update my rating to a higher number of stars only because of the way customer service processes this post (at least by reaching out to it) and if the item comes in great condition, it really has the opportunity to do what it's supposed to do and it works as well as it's expected to do.
It seems inconceivable that your land may one day be taken away from you when you're watching Australian and American media outlets, but it's because the rich are out there all day making sure your brain thinks a certain way.
Once is land is very easily and quickly taken away by the government if they want to do it.
And guess what?
It never made sense how a ppl could hold its ground at the expense of others.
It must be taken away someday.
Therefore, the Chinese only allow leases.
They've run out of land.
I've met some amazing new friends on the #Mastodon network lately and I want to keep this trend going.
Calling to #Fediverse makes me feel like a whale singing into the open ocean!
Would you like to join my "pod"?
In particular, I would like to connect with more people.
What you pay for, you get.
Appalling product, skewed data
I bought it as a tracker to use for swimming, and I didn't even get a chance to test it.
Firstly, it is not waterresistant and, according to the instructions in the guide, is not recommended for use in swimming.
Second, it doesn't come with a charger.
Instead, it is recommended to use a USB socket or computer.
Okay, we have a lot of those around us.
However, when I try to get it into the port to charge it, it goes off and disappears.
I'm not sure if anything is incompatible or if it's just the wrong product, but I'm not going to sit and hold my device while it's charging.
Finally, the app keeps showing ads even when it is closed.
The ads were shown when I sent the text, and that worried me a lot.
I then shut down all the active apps on my phone, and when I went to check the time 20 minutes later, I saw another ad.
Terrible product, I guess I get what I paid for...
2 bad pieces in a row :(
I ordered it from this company because I bought it in previous seasons and it worked great for us.
This season I bought another size that I needed.
One of the pajamas I received had a hole in the leg.
I returned it and the company sent me a new one.
The spare pajamas my son once wore, I put in the washing machine as always and the zipper broke off!
I'm disappointed because I don't have time to deal with returning goods every few days, and yet this is exactly what's happening right now.
Here's a quick overview of how to use our website.
- We send alerts when tickets start to be sold.
- We provide links where you can book tickets.
- We do not sell tickets or charge subscriptions.
- More details are in the full blog post.
- We maintain a list of sample booking dates for each published offer and update this list several times a day.
Balenciaga brand boss calls holiday campaign a 'stupid mistake'
Luxury clothing brand Balenciaga is still recovering from a wave of backlash against two of its recent advertising campaigns.
A few months after the fashion house came under fire for promotional images that critics say sexualized children, the brand's artistic director, Balenciaga Demna (full name Demna Gvasalia), apologized for the images in an interview with Vogue published on Friday.
"I want to personally apologize for the poor artistic choice of the concept of a gift campaign with children, and I take responsibility," he told Vogue, echoing his previous social media statement in December.
In November, the brand shared photos for its "The Gift" collection, showing child models and baby models posing with teddy bears dressed in bondage outfits.
Shortly afterwards, the Balenciaga brand released photos for its spring 2023 campaign, with a background page from a 2008 Supreme Court case concerning "virtual child pornography."
The parents, including reality tv star and longtime Balenciaga groupie and partner Kim Kardashian, have spoken out against the brand and its "disturbing images" on social media sites.
A few days later, the Balenciaga brand issued a statement apologising for the photos and indicating the changes it would make to avoid such "mistakes" in the future.
"This experience has forced me to rethink a lot of things in the way I myself and we work, how we create and communicate images, how we communicate with our audience, and how we learn from mistakes and move on," Demna told Vogue.
He detailed the changes that occurred in the Balenciaga brand after the affair: "Restructuring the image department", more internal and external image checks for campaigns, and collaboration with the National Children's Alliance, which helps "thousands of children in the process of overcoming trauma and addressing their mental health".
"The only thing that pleases me about this whole horrible situation is the chance to make something good out of it," he said of the partnership announced on Wednesday.
Balenciaga's parent company, Kering, which covers other luxury brands, including Saint Laurent and Bottega Veneta, is also working with nca.
Kering also includes the Gucci brand, which faced a wave of backlash against the Harry Styles campaign in December, in which some social media critics claim it also sexualised children.
Denma said in an interview that he plans to move away from the brand's "provocative" habits.
"It's part of my teaching: I'll take a more mature and serious approach to anything I put out as an idea or an image," he said.
"I decided to return to my roots in fashion and to the roots of Balenciaga, which is to make good quality clothes - not to make an image or a fuss."
Speaking about the origin of the brand, at another point in the interview, Demna says that one of the "most painful" parts of the wave of resistance was the tarnishing of "the name of Balenciaga and the legacy of Cristóbal Balenciaga."
"Balenciaga is more than a century old, based on strong and beautiful creative values, and I tried to do everything in my creative power to bring it to its modern topicality, and all of a sudden we were attacked and labeled as something we're not at all," said Demna.
"We've definitely made a big and stupid mistake with the gift campaign, but we've certainly learned from it."
Sweetener for the road.
So comfortable!
It's really nice to have my favourite sugar alternative packed in small individual packs!
I LOVE differences and it's so convenient to have them and throw them in your purse for a meeting or use in a friend's house.
Even if they're a little more expensive, I can't stand Equal or pink things in my iced tea.
Different option or nothing, so I'm excited to have my sweetener on the road!
Rainy days!
I did a lot last week and I feel a lot better about things in the field.
All the brukves, sprouts, beets are replanted.
He plans to plant the salad at Penn in a six-row pattern and see how it will fare with the matched broadcast seedlings.
Spring peas appear in Gilpin, hence the need to set the lattice work.
There is also a need to sow the lettuce row in order to incorporate it into the sliced vegetables, both of which have trained staff to irrigate, prepare the patch and replant, which is 90% of the skills outside the harvest.
The one-per-customer rule remains in place as we try to ensure that everyone queuing is given the board.
You can buy ONE of the above plates, not one of each.
There are no purchase restrictions on Pico computers or other goods.
I'm not buying Mr. Coffee again
It was a good coffee maker for a while, but there were always problems with it.
If water gets between the black plastic and the metal on the reservoir, it leaks and leaks water for days.
Then our plastic lever broke, allowing the coffee to flow through the filter and into the reservoir.
I contacted customer support to ask about the new piece, but they referred me only to the service, which is more than 90 minutes from my house.
It's great for preparing and maintaining hot coffee, but there are too many other problems with it to invest in at the current price.
Everything I needed
This product is really elegant - shopping in one place for all my connectivity needs.
He likes it when I just throw it in my bag along with my little power adapter for my laptop and I'm ready to work on a big 4K display or take photos from my camera.
The only weird thing I've experienced (and experienced on all 4 usb-c hubs I've tried from different brands) is that mac computers clearly can't tell the difference between multiples of the same monitor (so my mac displays the same video on all identical monitors connected to the hub, whether via HDMI or VGA).
But if I use two separate hubs/adapters or two different monitor models, then the mac correctly displays video on individual displays.
overheating problems and driver connection problems
I'm giving it 3 stars so far, I don't want to give the seller a bad review if they don't deserve it, but this drone is overheating quite a bit.
I'm not sure if I should contact the seller or the dji tello itself, but I'll probably try both just to see what they have to say.
I like the fact that a drone is a great toy that flies better than some of the larger older drones, and some of my larger drones look more like a toy to me than this one.
However, it is the only drone I have had problems with overheating, and in fact flying is taking away my fun. For now, I'm going to assume it's a manufacturing defect that they need to address as soon as possible if they want the product to be successful.
I really hope the dealer didn't send me an already used drone when I paid for a new one.
I give the seller the propellers for delivery as they walk 1 day after the purchase.
After contacting the dealer and dji tello I will update the date of my review.
"We hope" that Biden has a plan to deal with the expiration of Title 42, "but if so, they haven't fully shared it yet"
On Friday's edition of NBC's "MTP Now," Colorado Governor Jared Polis (elected Democrat) said he was "very worried" about what would happen when Title 42 expired in May and that he hoped the Biden administration had a plan for when the policy ended and that "if it does, it hasn't fully shared it with us yet."
And he stated "we said you needed the plan. We want him to be assessed with us."
Polis said he wished he had spent more time on the immigration issue during the Governors' Meeting at the White House, but the problem "came up."
Minister Mayorkas also participated in part of the meeting.
And so we mentioned again that we're very worried about what's going to happen when Title 42 expires in May, and that's why we need to make sure the federal government has a plan.
We hope he does.
If she does, she hasn't fully shared it with us yet.
But we said you needed the plan.
We want him to be assessed with us.
We want to make sure that on a three- or five-fold scale, what we experienced back in December doesn't happen, that would be a disaster for the country, and it would be terrible for the Biden administration.
Follow Ian Hanchett on Twitter @IanHanchett
buy a Pampered Chef...
I own a small scoop of Pampered Chef, but I'm between residences, so most of my "stuff" is in storage.
I like to use these ladles in baking for perfectly portioned cookies.
I looked at an OXO ladle and a Pampered Chef ladle and decided to save some money and get an OXO - I'm usually lucky with their products.
It doesn't apply to this one.
Around cookie #30 with peanut butter, the lever inside the ladle stopped working.
I had to separate the grips and move the lever to make a few more, and then repeat this.
So... keep your wits about you and get a scoop of Pampered Chef.
It's definitely worth it!
but it happens quite often to make it uncomfortable.
In a positive spirit
1 of the fans sounded unbalanced from the box.
Speed control is really strange - If you set it to 100%, the fans turn off, so you have to switch it to 100% and then turn it back slowly until it turns back on again.
Assembly quality is average, but it looks like it matches most of these product types at this price level.
The feet holding the laptop when it's tilted buckled several times...
They come back in, but it happens a lot, and it's uncomfortable.
On the positive side, the fan is ideally placed on laptops, which suck in air from openings located at the top.
Many other radiators have mid-mounted fans and provide very little extra air flow in a laptop with such a cooling configuration.
Great backpack, but exaggerated on the straps
This backpack looks good and works well.
It's a good deal, especially if you compare it to what backpacks cost these days.
The reason I took away one star is because there's just too many straps.
There are more straps on this backpack than I can count.
I end up cutting off and burning these excess straps because most of them are not really needed and only get in the way of opening and closing the bag.
Besides, I made a new college bag out of it.
Right in the back of the pack is the glove compartment for my MacBook Pro, and all my books fit well into his pockets.
The flag is also a great finish
[PERSON17] Anyone else can work on matters with the accent of a non-native speaker.
Okay, then I noticed one other thing -- it's in Monday's test document.
It's highlighted four times.
So when there's a session, we need names and terminology for it.
And we have to collect them, manually prepare them, sort of create them.
And this hand-held creation should be backed up as much as possible by automatic tools.
So you need to have a certain skill set that needs to be trained.
Well, I'm pretty skilled at swapping text files.
And whenever I see one of you doing it, one of you makes it seem like I have tips in my head about what could be done faster.
It may not be faster for you, but you should at least consider it.
So this skill is something we need people to have.
And we need someone who will be responsible.
And I'm afraid the only person that it could be is [PERSON8].
If there's anyone else willing to help with immediate domain adaptation and data processing, please say so.
And then we need --
So once we've secured a dictionary of terms and all sorts of pronunciations of words, we're going to need techniques to use these dictionaries in systems.
Well, my impression of the domain adaptation that [PERSON9] did meticulously for all sessions was that it wasn't exactly visible in hybrid ASR.
So one such session will also take place this Monday.
[PERSON9] is already starting to collect data, but I'd like to see the benefit of this domain adaptation in, in, in the settings from [PROJECT5].
So maybe [PERSON9] and [PERSON8] because he's learning how to do a domain adaptation and [PERSON14] because he's working on how to work with [PROJECT5].
If the three of you could meet and recheck what [PROJECT5] is doing with --
It's not really [PROJECT5], the domain adaptation is for the [PERSON18] toolkit, right?
The next morning, I can't get past Chris Licht's disgraceful pretense of public service journalism on CNN last night.
It was a disgrace, as a symbolic January 6anti-democratic festival of lies and grievances that was hosted self-destructively by the American media.
DISGRACEFUL VIEWERS.
Licht AGREED with the entire Republican audience!
Who vetted and selected those individuals?
You need to report a story.
Evaluation - the search for the deceptive irresponsibility of everything.
It can't be repeated.
Photograph: Egypt inaugurates Dzhehutei and Herei tombs after restoration
On Thursday, the tombs of Dzhehuteje and Hereje were inaugurated after restoration work was completed.
The grand opening was carried out by the Secretary-General of the Supreme Council for the Monuments of Egypt, Mostafa Waziri, the Spanish Ambassador to Egypt, Álvaro Iranzo, and the President of the Spanish National Research Council (CSIC), Eloísa del Pino.
Waziri explained that the two tombs were discovered thanks to the joint Egyptian-Spanish archaeological mission of the Supreme Council for Monuments and CSIC, which has been working since 2002.
He said the mission carried out excavation and restoration work and published research on tombs located in the Dra Abu el-Naga region of the West Bank of Luxor.
They were able to uncover many tombs, coffins, mummies and a burial garden.
Important tombs from a significant time
Waziri explained that these two tombs belong to prominent people who lived in the early 18th Dynasty of the New Empire - one of the most important epochs of ancient Egypt.
He said the tombs were T-shaped, a style commonly used in tombs from the 18th dynasty.
They are made up of an entrance, a pillared hall leading to a burial shaft and walls with prominent inscriptions.
Waziri added that Dzhehutey was the treasurer of the state treasury and oversaw the work of artisans and artists during the reign of Queen Hatshepsut.
Dzhehutej was also responsible for recording Hatshepsuta's journey to punt land and for providing electricity (a mixture of gold and silver) to cover the tips of the obelisks she had placed in the temples of Karnak.
Besides, he was in charge of the obelisk-shifting process.
In the room that precedes Dzhehutejo's burial chamber are engraved inscriptions with 43 chapters of the Book of the Dead, the first time the book's chapters were written on the walls of the tombs before being written on canvas and papyrus.
Herej held the post of keeper of the royal warehouses of the sacred royal wife and ahhotep mother.
don't believe the advertising hype
Too many five-star reviews for this novel need to be tempered by some more realistic reviews.
I tried to read it, but my tongue felt flat.
The metaphor of "fresh water" and the numerous descriptions of the uterus as a river and a child as a fish seemed forced, corny, and contrived.
I skipped ahead, and it looks like all I'm going to get is drama from the school campus.
Winter will be in this small part of the Great Southern World in 30 days.
But I can't be fooled!
This is the beginning.
The rain is falling, and until it freezes, you won't be dancing in it!
It's a good day to order ice cream.
It was one dog's night, and the dog didn't even get out of bed for a "dog's breakfast - dog's breakfast!"
I'll zip the lining into my bike jacket - just in case I need it inside.
Internet falling out
I bought this modem/router about two years ago.
It seemed fine at first, but for the past year I've been having trouble with the internet falling out.
This happens in all my devices with both Wi-Fi and cable internet.
The only way to restore the service was to reset the power.
This happened once or twice a day.
Comcast came out, started a new coaxial line from the base to the house, and amplified the signal level.
Same problem.
The guys at Arris Tech were excellent, but they couldn't solve the problem.
In addition, the 5G service shut down three times.
I had to do a factory reset to restore it.
Based on my experience, I cannot recommend this modem/router.
I bought a Modem/Router Netgear AC1900.
He's fantastic.
I had him for a little over a week without any problems.
It's faster and its range is greater than Arris.
I read online that some people had problems with the modem/router Arris connected to Comcast.
If you have Comcast internet, I do not recommend this modem/router Arris.
Get a Netgear, it's much more reliable.
I found out in the worst way that in 2023 the websites of local tv stations are the absolute worst experience on the internet.
Pop-ups, auto-play videos, animations, overlay windows and ads, ads, ads.
I know advertising is a way to make money, but all this mess seems counterproductive if it keeps people away.
That's true now that goatse.cx is gone, although between goats and, say, khou.com, where I tried to watch a video Wendy sent me, it would be a close race to the bottom.
I don't know if prevention is possible, but it's worth trying.
The four steps I set out can be discussed, with some progress being made on each of them:
Description: Names of human behavior incidents and algorithms that take into account algorithms and people.
Explanation: Taking both sides into account with mutual influence
Anticipating: anticipating damage before it occurs (if only by a few minutes)
Intervention: knowing the things we can do to bring about change, within certain limits of self-assurance
[PERSON2] Yes, that's the only thing I did for a positive restriction.
With negative constraints, I did something a little more complicated in decoding.
Like filtering out rays and replacing them with other rays.
And for example, to limit more tokens and this kind of thing.
But for a positive limitation, I was just comparing the approach to coaching with, yeah, this very simple matter.
All you have to do is adjust the score scoring in the same way at each step.
[PERSON7] Okay, so back to positive constraints.
Have you looked at the analysis of the system yet?
[PERSON2] Yeah, right now I'm kind of waiting to rework the data file from ([PERSON9]).
I [PERSON9] I looked at (the code) and I think I know why it's so slow.
Because you open a data file for each item in the terminology in the reworking (Europar), tokenify it, read it line by line, tokenify it line by line, and then close it.
But only you do it -
[PERSON1] and then we find out which packages to install in the Petri environment.
[PERSON7] Yeah, so here's another thing,
Maybe it's not a good idea to combine these two runs into one setting.
I think it's actually better if you run it separately and save the outputs.
So first you use the management and processing environment,
[PERSON7] and you collect all the output files and then run the evaluation.
The reason for this split is that you can paralyse more.
So I'm sure there will be problems on different fronts and we'll need numbers very soon.
So if, for example, some test files fail for some reason,
Then you can keep the translation running for the remaining ones,
and re-evaluate with sel T F the missing ones and, and so on.
So it's not about creating serial, sequential processing that involves both,
but the goal is to get results, and it's actually better to do that in parts.
First we get all the outputs, and then we get all the ratings.
[PERSON1] Yeah, so, I mean, I was doing the same thing now.
Zimbabwe to launch new coal block by March
Author: Florence Tan
BANGALORE (Reuters) - Zimbabwe's Deputy Energy Minister has said her country will commission a new block of its only coal-fired power plant in March, providing relief to millions of citizens who have been affected by frequent blackouts in recent months.
The new Hwange power station block will increase the African country's installed capacity by more than 14% to 2400 megawatts.
The next block should be put into operation soon after, Magna Mudyiwa said, without giving a timetable.
Less than half of Zimbabwe's 16 million people have access to electricity, and global funding constraints on coal-fired power plants limit the country's ability to address chronic blackouts that have lasted up to 18 hours in recent days.
"We are capable of producing up to 2100 megawatts (MW) of our energy sources, but currently we produce much less than that ... about 1000 MW," Mudyiwa told Reuters.
"But our electricity demand is about 1700 MW, so we have a big shortage of it," she said.
The lack of rainfall has led to a decline in hydropower generation, while the efficiency of a single, decades-old coal-fired power plant has declined sharply over time, while electricity demand has soared in recent years as a result of increased mining and agricultural activity.
The International Monetary Fund sees the lack of electricity as one of the main factors limiting Zimbabwe's growth prospects.
The lack of funds for coal-fired power plants has led to an economy dependent on mining and agriculture importing expensive energy from neighbouring countries in the region, including Zambia and Mozambique.
(written by Sudarshan Varadhan; editing by Jacqueline Wong)
The hectic version of the Jedi Knight video game was falling because it was calling up a function from the end of the vtable object.
It turns out that the anticipated IDirect3D::CreateViewport() call will return IDirect3DViewport3, which has additional methods compared to IDirect3DViewport at the end, and I just implemented that.
For me, this is quite a big assumption, because it creates a cutout using just the Direct3D object instead of direct3D3.
Now I understand that in practice, the IDirectXObject2 object is usually a correct superset of the IDirectXObject object, with no modified function signatures, with new methods added only at the end.
But that's not always the case; in these cases, it depends on what interface you use to create the object.
Anyway, since this is also true here to get it right, I had to extend my cut-out implementation to include the IDirect3DViewport3 method and the call was valid.
