Supreme Court justice: the government's general orders cannot be so extensive
The government's general orders, which have imposed various restrictions and rules during the coronavirus pandemic, should be of a more limited scope, said Supreme Court Justice Ivo Pilving.
"We referred to one border and the Tallinn District Court has already referred to it, that the general orders of governments – with which all the requirements for a corona passport have been established today – that their limit must end once and for all.
For the essence of the general order is also that its legal sphere of action must nevertheless be somehow limited.
He cannot be as general as one law.
And if he's not restricted in any other way, like for a certain group of people or something like that, then he has to be limited in time," Pilving, the president of the Supreme Court's administrative division, told a news conference Thursday.
"You can't take a position now on whether that time has already passed today or whether it will pass tomorrow or the day after tomorrow - that's what these disputes are already in the courts for, and the truth will be revealed there.
But then there is also a limit to the government's use of this instrument, and here the criticism of the complainants is also to some extent correct, that the legislature cannot really distance itself from these issues either," Pilving continued.
The general order of the government is a special type of administrative act, by which the restrictions imposed can be challenged in court only by each person individually, and the corresponding court decision does not extend to all objects of the restriction, but only to the person who challenged it.
The widespread use of general orders has been criticised by former Chancellor of Justice Allar Jõks.
The Supreme Court justice, meanwhile, emphasized that the dispute over which the Supreme Court made its decision public on Thursday is different.
"It's about one – very special, but still one institution, the defence forces – and there's a bit of a looser rule of law frame, because it's not about everyone.
This concerns Estonian men and women working in the Defence Forces, and the head of the respective institution may, according to today's understanding, impose requirements on the basis of the Occupational Health and Safety Act," said Pilving.
He explained that the Supreme Court's current practice suggests that the more extensive, deeper, more intense a restriction or obligation, the more work parliament has to do with it.
"To the point where some of the obligations are those that need to be definitively regulated by law," the Supreme Court justice said.
"But the other way around, the issue of vaccination and the pandemic, which goes in waves and where a rapid response is needed, then again, it speaks in favor of the decision-making power of the executive and in favor of the decision-making power of the government.
And also when we talk about agencies and the [requirements] of the people who work in them, there is room for the orders of the heads of those agencies, according to today's Supreme Court understanding, if the circumstances are there," he added.
French fishermen block traffic on the English Channel to claim fishing rights
French fishermen will block ferry traffic in three English Channel ports and freight traffic in the tunnel between France and Britain on Friday to claim post-Brexit fishing rights, the trade union said.
Gerard Romiti, chairman of the French National Fisheries Committee (CNPMEM), described the protest as a warning shot and said traffic would be blocked in the ports of Saint-Malo, Ouistreham and Calais, as well as in the Eurotunnel, for several hours.
The months-long dispute between Britain and France over fishing permits remains unresolved and threatens to escalate into a full-scale trade war.
"We don't want donations, we just want our permits back.
The UK must abide by the post-Brexit deal," Romiti said.
"We've been holding our breath for 11 months.
There are limits to the patience of professionals.
We hope that this warning shot will be heard," he said, without ruling out further action.
France has threatened to ban British fishing vessels from unloading their catches in French ports and impose stricter controls on all British imports.
President Emmanuel Macron said such measures were expected to give way to negotiations, but French officials insist all options are still on the table.
Negotiations between French European Affairs Minister Clement Beaune and British Brexit Minister David Frost have so far not borne fruit.
Under last year's agreement between Britain and the European Union, European fishing vessels can continue fishing in British waters if they can prove they did so in the past.
Paris claims that the requests of several dozen French vessels have been wrongly rejected.
London denies this.
The basketball team lost to Germany by four points at halftime
The Estonian men's national basketball team will start the 2023 World Cup qualifying series, facing Germany abroad.
The ERR sports portal will broadcast the meeting, which starts at 8 p.m., on a live blog.
The Russian bounces long and searches for a place, eventually earns an error from Benzing.
It's fourth for the experienced German, but four minutes before the end of the game, both teams are now full of errors.
Heckmann makes a mistake on both free throws.
With 4:20 remaining, Germany lead 61:58, but Jurkatamm makes a mistake on a throw to Heckmann.
Veideman breaks very well and Estonia eventually earns two more points from the game situation.
Veideman doesn't hit a long-range throw, but Sengfelder also can't get in from under the basket and then makes a mistake for Nurger.
Jurkatamm comes to the rescue perfectly in defence and the ball remains with Estonia.
Doreth doesn't hit from distance, but Treier makes his fourth mistake in the table fight.
One of the two, 5:50 before the end of the game ahead of Germany 61:56.
Vambola Paavo | Let us set a maximum price for petrol, following the example of Hungary
I found myself listening to the show "There's a Prime Minister in the Studio" on the radio a month ago.
When a reporter asked Kaja Kallas how much a litre of fuel costs at filling stations, silence followed.
The Prime Minister announced tentatively, I don't know.
At a time when energy carriers are becoming more expensive in the world, so know the head of government how much something costs!
Consequently, he has life-giving and bad advisers.
Hungarian Prime Minister Viktor Orban, on the other hand, knows and very well.
Hungary fixed fuel prices nationally for three months.
They must not be more than 500 forints or 1.42 euros per liter at filling stations.
Currently, the fixed price for three months is 480 forints, or 1.37 euros per liter.
Prices are reviewed every three months.
The cap was driven by accelerated inflation and is the country's highest in nine years at 6.5 percent.
According to the decision, gas station chains may sell cheaper, but not more expensively.
CHINESE MEDICINE RECOMMENDS: this plant should be now in every home!
In autumn winter, when it is dreary and humid outside, it is necessary to strengthen and warm the body.
For this purpose, several medicinal plants are suitable, which keep warm inside, but do not allow excessive heat to form.
It is very convenient to put both plants and hot water in a thermos, take it with you to work or school, and drink tea that supports the body during the day, recommended on the Health Alchemy blog.
When the tea runs out, boiling water can be added to the plants several times.
TALLINN DISTANCE LEARNING WAS POINTLESS!
Rapid testing of schools gave the same good result!
Four-week distance learning in grades 4-8 in Tallinn schools did not give the city an advantage in controlling the coronavirus, as rapid tests achieved the same result in areas with open schools, dry figures confirm.
For a shorter period of time, distance learning also took place in Pärnu and partly also in Narva, but in Tallinn it started immediately after the school holidays and stretches for a total of four weeks.
Researchers analysing the coronavirus have now developed an excellent reference base between Tallinn and the rest of Estonia.
After future state exams, it can be examined, for example, whether four weeks of absenteeism also means poorer results compared to the rest of the country.
However, the most important question now is whether Tallinn's decision to direct municipal schools to long distance learning gave the city greater success in the fight against the coronavirus.
After all, there was also a friction between Toompea and the sub-city due to the actions of Mayor Mikhail Kõlvart.
ANU SÄÄRITS HONESTLY ABOUT LIFE: objectivity and the courage to be with a straight back and not to underestimate yourself or others are important
From her childhood home, Anu has come to know that no matter what it is, you have to cope.
"I'm from a big family.
In our family, the mother practically alone took care of five children, we could not make any demands.
I had to grow up quickly myself to somehow realize my interests."
Curiosity has indeed been the driving force of Anu Säärits, 49, who is familiar with sports news and broadcasts, since childhood.
"Quite early on, I looked to see, there is some interesting thing going on in Tallinn!
I decided to drive from Tartu with my voice, check it out, and only when I got back did I tell my family that I went," she smiles at her then-determination that repeatedly directed her to look further away.
Mart Seim: I am the only one of the super heavyweight weightlifters who have competed at the Rio Olympics who have not been caught with banned substances
Estonia's most successful weightlifter Mart Seim and his counterpart Leho Pent are preparing for the World Cup, which starts in two weeks.
If their favorite sport still remains on the Olympic schedule, both will want to compete until at least the 2024 Paris Games.
The dash to this summer's pursuit of the Tokyo Olympics was drawn by the coronavirus suffered in the spring, which chained both Mardi and Leho to a bed of disease and did not allow EMI to regain athletic form.
Reader's Letter | Scream for help: only slender legs stood out from the shopping cart
A man rescued a child who had sunk between goods from a shopping cart in a store.
Is the child's place in the shopping cart at all?!
"I was on my weekly shopping trip and was currently turning between the cold counters when two slender legs popped up in front of my eyes.
At first I didn't understand what was going on, but then I realized that there was a child in the shopping cart.
I don't dare say for sure, but the toddler was probably trying to climb out of the piles of food in front of his feet.
Or maybe it had sunk awkwardly between the goods and it was pretty upside down when I set myself up," Siim describes the sight that opened up in the store.
Store in Santa's gift bag nuts from a domestic nut maker
Candy, various bars and chocolate bars – seems like a standard choice in Santa's gift bag or elf's slipper?
In reality, they are not healthy at all.
Instead, a child or a loved one could be delighted with something healthy during the Christmas period.
Various nuts, almonds and seeds are good for health.
Many may frown when they say that there are also a lot of fats in nuts – couldn't they be equated with candy?
No, definitely not.
If you look at the label on the nut packet, you can read that the fats in the nuts consist almost entirely of healthy unsaturated fatty acids that are very necessary for the body, there is a small amount of saturated fatty acids, and trans fats are completely absent.
Fats are good for our body and should not be avoided completely.
However, it is important to prefer unsaturated fatty acids, i.e. good fats, which can be obtained from nuts, seeds and almonds.
So, the only Estonian nut producer Germund Wholesale recommends choosing healthy snacks on Christmas holidays.
Especially popular are the premium packs of Germund Bulk black, into which the largest nuts and dried fruits reach.
For example, wild nuts come from Georgia, almonds from California, raisins and cranberries from Chile, cashew nuts from Vietnam.
However, roasting, salting, mixing into delicious mixtures and packaging takes place in Estonia.
Moderate rise on the Baltic stock exchange today
The Tallinn stock exchange has risen by 0.19% compared to 24 November.
The stock price of Bercman Technologies has undergone a noticeable fall.
In the Baltic First North list, Bercman Technologies' shares have fallen from 9 euros to 8.6 euros in the past day, which means a decrease of 4.44%.
Compared to the fall on November 24 from 11.4 euros to 9 euros (-21.05%), Bercman's share price is currently stabilizing.
ELMO Rent's stock has also gone into decline after the good news of the beginning of the week.
As of today, the share has fallen to 5.03 euros (-2.9%).
On the other hand, Baltic First North is rising from K2 TO 31.2 euros (2.63%) and MADARA Cosmetics also made a slight increase of 0.71% to 28.2 euros.
The biggest risers on the Baltic Main List today are Panevezio statybos trestas 0.7 euros (5.74%) and SAF Tehnika 12.5 euros (3.73%).
The biggest riser on the Baltic additional list was Utenos Trikotazas to 0.815 euros (3.82%).
In the Baltic Main List, the biggest fallouts today were Griego to 0.95 euros (-1.45%) and Ekspress Grupp to 1.53 euros (-1.29%).
In the secondary list, the value of VEF's share dropped significantly to 5.1 euros (-8.93%).
Similarly, the share of Žemaitijos pienas fell to 1.7 euros (-5.03%).
792 euros just one set!
In the new gym in Kohtla-Järve, ultra-expensive clothes racks are stocked with state money
The list of property costs of the Kohtla-Järve Wiru Sports Centre, which opened this year, highlights the cost of racks needed in the gym's dressing room.
The head of the fitness center justifies the extremely expensive racks by the fact that they want to be the most modern.
"You can't say I'm not a woman."
A special sprint girl who completed the 100 meters of the flycatcher in 9.86 seconds
Namibian sprinters Christine Mboma and Beatrice Masilingi, who are naturally high in testosterone, do not fit within normal limits and raise more and more questions.
During the Tokyo Olympics, the Estonians were able to empathize with Maicel Uibo's husband, Shaunae Miller-Uibo, when she successfully defended the title of the 400-meter run.
The victory was overwhelming, but to give credit to the truth, all possible threats fell away for one reason or another, and the slender Bahamasas had to win.
Figuratively speaking, the path to the gold medal was cleared with a broomstick.
Salwa Eid Naser, a Bahraini quarter-star who surprisingly snapped first place ahead of Miller-Uibo at the Doha World Cup two years earlier, was serving a sentence for failing doping tests.
19-year-old Athing Mu, a new super talent who grew up in America, chose the 800m distance, where he became an Olympic champion.
And teenage Namibian sprinters who showed very busy times this year (Christine Mboma ran a time of 48.54 and Beatrice Masiling's time of 49.53) were banned from participating in the 400m race by the World Athletics Federation (WA) due to too high testosterone levels.
But what happens next for them?
Mboma and Masilingi, who came second and sixth in the 200m race in Tokyo, are still causing controversy.
It's as if no one is satisfied.
Some think they have been discriminated against, some believe that this duo should not compete among women at all.
The issue demands a solution as soon as possible because, according to observers, it is only a matter of time before Mboma begins to set world records with a very poor start but with an unprecedented final speed.
The government made an exception: more spectators will be allowed for the Estonian-Israeli selection game
The government counted the men's basketball World Cup qualifying match between the Estonian and Israeli national teams to be held this Sunday in Saku Suurhall in Tallinn as an event of overwhelming social interest and will allow up to 3360 spectators to attend the game.
Under the current restrictions, up to 1000 spectators are allowed to participate in indoor sports competitions from November 15.
The Health Board will support the event with an increased number of spectators if the organiser mitigates the risk of spreading the coronavirus according to the submitted plan, the government announced on its website.
Spectators would be divided into four zones in Saku Suurhall and would not come into contact with each other, with the players or with the staff serving the game.
You can enter the event only upon presentation of the COVID certificate and the wearing of a mask is checked on the spot.
The sectors take into account that people are dispersed and separate ventilation is provided for each area.
The use of trumpets and the like is prohibited.
The Estonian Basketball Association makes advance notification so that spectators arrive at the game well in advance to avoid queues at the entrance when checking certificates and documents.
Doors open one hour before the start of the event.
A total of 14 different entrances are open for four levels.
The Estonian national team will start the 2023 World Cup qualifying series on Thursday evening, facing Germany in Nuremberg.
Tickets for Sunday's game with Israel can be purchased from the Ticket Pocket.
The meal had already been ordered and invitations sent: the Finns decided to cancel the presidential ball at the last moment
The Office of the President of Finland announced today that for the second year in a row, the traditional presidential ball will be cancelled on Independence Day.
The decision was essentially delayed until the last moment, as the event should have taken place as early as 6 December.
This means that many hours of work have already been devoted to the organization of the ball.
Some time ago, invitations were sent out, and drinks and meals were also ordered.
According to the office, nothing will be wasted, but they can already be used at subsequent events.
Also, invitations sent out this time will continue to be valid in a year's time, writes Iltalehti.
"Preparations for the reception took into account the small number of guests, and therefore fewer items were stockpiled for the event," a clerk's office representative said.
The reason for Ball's cancellation is the same as it was last year.
Notably, there are concerns about the rise in coronavirus infections.
However, presidential couple Sauli Niinistö and Jenni Haukio have found a way to celebrate Independence Day with their people.
On December 6, the president and frontman will give an interview to Yle directly from the palace.
Several well-known musicians also perform as part of the same broadcast.
A great role model: Anett Kontaveit does not sit idly by while on vacation and helps those in need
After a tiring tournament in Mexico, the Estonian premier tennis player took time off for a while and is resting in his homeland.
But during it, he helps those who need help.
Anett Kontaveit does not rest idly by, but practically takes advantage of this time.
She posted pictures on Instagram of herself calling herself a "plant-mommy," growing plants that provide greenery at home.
And is also engaged in charity work, raising awareness about the activities of the Shelters NGO.
Anett posted pictures of the dogs on social media, saying she would also help them this year.
At Monday's press conference, Anett Kontaveit said she had thought about aiming to win a Grand Slam tournament.
"I've been thinking about it for a couple of days.
Of course, my dream is to win a Grand Slam, but the most important thing is that the goals are development-based.
I want to improve my game and certain tennis elements, as well as my physique.
If this development process is positive, there will be better results," he said via Delfi Sport.
Kontaveit thanked fans who stayed up in the deep hours of the night for his Mexican Games in recent weeks: "It's been very heartwarming how many people have lived with me.
I have received so much positive feedback and I am very grateful to everyone who cares about what I do.
I also thank the supporters and sponsors who have made it here."
After a short rest, Kontaveit begins to prepare for the new season in Tallinn and, as tournaments in Australia approach, flies to some warmer places to acclimatize.
Do you feel like you're no longer excited about a man?
This way you can guarantee that the flag is always hoisted
Long-term cohabitation, household problems, bickering, piling up clothes and unwashed dishes—not a sexy combo at all, understandable.
But how to wake up this mystical spark again?
How to guarantee a passionate experience between the sheets that would also surpass what you experienced on your honeymoon?
If you want a loved one to have his eyes shine again when he sees you, and you can sit on his lap slyly so that he does not roar, that he does not see an insanely important sports competition coming from the TV because of you, then act on their advice, and wild wanderlust on the part of a man is guaranteed!
The sexy spark does not appear back in the relationship just like that, it must be created, and if the man has not bothered to grab the bull by the horns himself, then do not rest on your laurels and do it yourself.
Singer Jessie J lost a child: I have no control over my emotions
The well-known musician recently broke up with his sweetheart, Max Pham, but decided to carry on until the end of pregnancy and raise their joint child as a single mother.
Alas, however, doctors were unable to detect the baby's heartbeat during a recent review, Jessie J revealed in a post on Instagram.
"Yesterday morning I laughed with a friend, asking her, 'Seriously, how can I do a performance in LA tomorrow night without telling the whole audience I'm pregnant?'," the singer wrote.
"For lunch, though, I struggled with the idea of how I'd cope with this performance without collapsing.
During the third inspection of pregnancy, I was told that the baby's heart was no longer beating.
This morning.
I feel like I have no control over my emotions.
I may regret making this post later.
I don't really know."
Despite the fact that she is in deep grief at the moment, she has decided to make the performance in Los Angeles, believing it will help her.
"I want to sing tonight.
Not because I'm avoiding mourning or this whole process, but because I know singing tonight will help me," she said.
"I've only done two concerts in two years and my soul needs it.
Today more than before.
I know that some people say that I should cancel it, but at the moment one thing is clear to me.
I started singing when I was young because it makes me happy, fills my soul and acts as therapy.
It hasn't changed and I have to go through things that way."
Jessie J revealed that she decided to raise the child alone because she was looking forward to becoming a mother.
She knows that life is short and getting pregnant was a miracle and an experience she will never forget.
She hopes that she will manage to get pregnant again in the future, but for now she is still in shock and extremely sad.
"But I know I'm strong and I know everything will be fine," he added.
"I also know that millions of women around the world have felt this pain and worse."
Make your own candles with a small footprint
Whoever pours candles before the holidays will experiment with Nordic and natural rapeseed wax.
Wax produced from rapeseed is a renewable and environmentally friendly raw material.
It's the time for candlesticking every autumn.
After all, candles can also be made in spring and summer, but in autumn this operation is immediately especially suitable.
It's twilight and rainy outside, the wind is blazing.
At the same time, candle wax melts in a pot on the stove, and wonderful aromas fill the room.
These are magical moments.
Our foremothers made candles from valuable mutton fat and were used only on special occasions.
Today, many different materials and tools are available for the manufacture of candles.
Orienting yourself in them can be confusing.
A new strange beauty trend is spreading on TikTok: women are using lubricant as a makeup base cream
TikTok users are once again introducing a new beauty trend, recommending replacing the makeup base cream in your cosmetic bag with the lubricant used in the bedroom.
On the sad fate of John Crow: was it a suicide or was he eliminated from life?
Did John Crow shoot himself mainly because he was more smitten than death?
Or was he forced or intimidated to commit suicide?
Or was eliminated from life on the grounds that he resisted not physically, but mentally...
In his last piece of writing, Peeter Olesk discusses the life and death of Vares-Barbarus.
When John Crow was found early in the morning, Johannes Barbarus as poet (Jan. 12. 1890-Nov. 29. 1946) dead from the bathroom of his Kadriorg office apartment, then, of course, he did not drive his beard with a pocket knife, but probably with a razor blade, some kind of cream and foam brush.
It couldn't have been hard or painful to have this morning toilet, for he probably drove his beard every day, but of course he had several kinds of cologne waters in the mirror, and fluids to remove the bloody traces of the incision.
The question is whether he wrote the two pre-mortem letters ready before going in front of the mirror or after, his chin already shaved.
The answer to the question posed would help us explain what time John Crow went to sleep on the morning of the day of his death, how much time he had to write farewell letters, and where he did it.
A desk, white sheets of paper, an ink pot and a pen are not common things in the bathroom!
It takes about an hour to write two rather long and at the same time extremely personal letters.
It may have taken twenty minutes to shave, brush his teeth, and rinse the mouth cavity, but what John Crow could not know was the length of time after which he would have been searched and who would find his body first.
Given these circumstances, I am inclined to think that the farewell letters were ready earlier than death came, no later than the evening of the previous day.
Consequently, they were written consciously, not affectively.
According to Nigol Andresen's oral report, Johannes Crow did not want to live as an invalid at the end of his life.
From this one could conclude that he knew the course of his illness.
However, the word 'disabled' may not mean an externally noticeable disability, it may also mean loss of capacity for work or dismissal for health reasons as an excuse.
On the heath, a stack of books hid the murder victim.
The case is in the hands of investigators of the "cold murders"
In 2019, the police received an unusual call to Nõmme on Lemmik Street: during the renovation of the old house, it turned out that a corpse hidden under a stack of books was neatly stacked in one of the rooms.
How is this possible?
One elderly lady has been visited twice by investigators, but there is not yet a clear enough moment to answer the question that has been caught.
She may hold the key to one murder: she once said years ago that her son might be guilty of a crime, according to one source.
Gas instead of brake.
The controversial plant became the cornerstone despite ongoing litigation
There will be no construction of the plant until there is a court ruling, government members said in the summer of this year.
Yet on Tuesday last week, the oil plant became the cornerstone with ministerial approval.
On 16 November, Eesti Energia laid the cornerstone for the shale oil plant Enefit280, for the construction of which the government allocated 125 million euros of taxpayers' money to the state-owned company and the construction of which was sued by climate youth.
Those who are more attentive will remember that just half a year earlier, the Tartu District Court suspended the construction permit for the plant by way of interim legal protection, and Prime Minister Kaja Kallas said that a clear message was sent to Eesti Energia: until the end of the litigation, the brakes must be put on the construction of the plant.
In November, however, Eesti Energia pressed gas to the bottom and started construction.
Legally, Eesti Energia does indeed have the right to start building the plant, because at the beginning of June, the Tartu District Court lifted the construction ban imposed on the oil plant.
However, the company took a business risk by laying the cornerstone for the plant, as the dispute over the legality of the building permit is still ongoing.
"In the event that the buildings and structures of the factory have been erected at the end of the litigation, but the appeal is upheld and the building permit is revoked, the further course of action will depend on the reasoning of the courts.
It is quite possible for buildings to turn out to be illegal, and in theory there is a possibility that they will have to be demolished," explained Kärt Vaarmari, a lawyer at the Environmental Law Centre.
The only Australian in the West teaches Estonians to eat grass
Matthew Hill, who moved to Estonia from Australia, together with his wife Piret, established an organic shoot plantation in Jaagu farm in Lääne County.
The family grows a dozen varieties of shoots there all year round and was awarded the title of the best organic producer.
See here what else we are talking about in the recent issue of Maaleht!
Matthew Hill, who moved to Estonia from Australia, together with his wife Piret, established an organic shoot plantation in Lääne County.
On his vegetable beds, however, the host practises spade tillage, or sustainable agriculture, which is already very popular in other parts of the world: the beds are not dug up, only lightly aired.
The Hills' innovative ideas and techniques in the vegetable industry have attracted attention, so they won the title of best organic producer this year.
German scientists teach cattle to use the toilet.
Results can change the world
A small herd of cattle in Germany has learned an impressive manner.
They use the fenced artificial turf area as a toilet.
But why is such a workout necessary?
Worldwide, about 10% of anthropogenic greenhouse gas emissions come from cattle.
German scientists are trying to develop a solution that seems incredible in order to make cattle breeding more environmentally friendly.
Prosecutor on the case of the man who stabbed the woman to death: she regretted her act and voluntarily sought help
We wrote on Wednesday about an incident in which Kiuri, who abused a woman and caused her death out of negligence, was sentenced to two years in prison with three years and three months of probation.
That is, behind bars, as of now, the man had to spend only two days.
District Attorney Kelly Gravel Hill said such a sentence was justified because Kiur regretted the act and voluntarily sought help for his problems.
We publish the prosecutor's comment.
"The evidence gathered during the pre-trial investigation established that Kiur punched the woman in the face once and the victim's death came about two days later.
The evidence confirms that immediately after the blow and the next two days, the woman communicated with Kiuri.
The woman left the apartment the next day, moved around and, according to Kiuri's testimony, she did not understand that the woman may have suffered damage to her health, which could be dangerous and require medical intervention.
Judging by the whole event, this is vitally plausible, because as an alcohol abuser, a woman could also normally move with certain coordination disorders.
Also, the victim was not bloody after the blow and did not complain about anything unusual.
Thus, we did not identify the intent to kill, and the evidence did not indicate a desire to cause life-threatening bodily harm.
Kiuri has no valid criminal penalties.
He acknowledged hitting the victim and regretted his act and the fact that he did not understand the need to call an ambulance.
She voluntarily sought help for her alcohol problem and she goes to work.
In view of all these circumstances, but above all the specific act and the man's past conduct, the prosecution asked for a sentence of two years' imprisonment, which will not be enforced unless Kiur commits a new crime during an even longer probationary period of three years and three months.
Probation is the period when a person must prove that he will live in a law-abiding way in the future, which is one of the purposes of punishment.
This solution was agreed by all parties, including the victim's mother, who also said in her testimony that she did not believe Kiur wanted the woman's death."
A day in traffic: Three vehicles were involved in an accident in the center of Tallinn
In the center of Tallinn, three cars were involved in an accident yesterday morning, one of which was standing on the side of the street.
At 9:53 a.m., a traffic accident occurred at the intersection of Pronksi St. and Gonsiori St. in Tallinn, where, according to preliminary data, a 38-year-old man was driving an Audi R8 and collided with an Audi Q7 car driven by a 44-year-old woman.
As a result of the collision, a Ford Tourneo, a passenger car that was standing against the Audi R8, was thrown in.
The driver of the Audi Q7 was delivered to the East Tallinn Central Hospital.
The exact circumstances of the accident are being clarified.
At 3.20 p.m., a 48-year-old woman was driving a Mercedes-Benz car near the house at 46 Jüri St. in Võru city to a 75-year-old woman who had crossed the road.
The driver transported the pedestrian to Võru Hospital for an inspection.
One driver of a motor vehicle with signs of drug and one alcohol use was apprehended the previous day.
A 2004 grey Volvo V40 with the number 789BSN was stolen from the southern prefecture's administrative area.
Ülo Kalm: a new powerful hospital was promised in the elections.
The money comes from Brussels, but where do the staff and equipment come from?
How can the mayor, whose father is Ülo and mother Lidia, cope with the management of a multiethnic city?
Sadly funny was the belief of the former mayor Savisaar that trust is eternal and he again presented himself as an ambassadorial candidate.
The star had gone out.
That trust is already proving to be more important than language and nationality, the election result in Narva shows.
Doctors need to fight for trust with salt blowers who offer opinions instead of facts.
In addition, gentlemen who do not trust our hospital system at all have also appeared in the limelight (specifically on the page columns).
I have just read the confession of a townsfolk gentleman about surviving in PERH.
Alo Raun: congratulations, 55% support the Cohabitation Act!
55% – today, according to opinion polls, the Registered Partnership Act has the support of an absolute majority, if you look at Estonian citizens aged 18 and over who have a position on the matter.
That is, people who can also elect the Riigikogu and participate in a referendum.
This is according to the aggregate results of the September and October polls conducted by Norstat and commissioned by SA Liberal Citizen.
Such a trend has been going on for a long time, according to the same poll.
So when we talk about what "the people want", it is no longer correct to say that we/they are against the cohabitation law.
New and "truly terrible" coronavirus variant B.1.1.529 identified in Botswana
A new variant of the coronavirus, B.1.1.529, with as many as 32 spike protein mutations, has been identified in Botswana, and it is not yet known whether the antibodies available in humans will be able to respond effectively to it.
So far, only a handful of infections with this variant have been recorded as a result of sequencing - three in Botswana, six in South Africa and one in Hong Kong.
So scientists hope that covid cases caused by the new variant of the virus will not be widespread, I write in Sky News.
Tom Peacock, a virologist at Imperial College London, called the abundance of mutations discovered on the variant "truly terrible":
Spike proteins are what viruses use to enter human cells, and the principle of operation of most vaccines is to train the human body to recognize and neutralize them.
Therefore, mutations in the spike protein can be problematic for mRNA vaccines.
Francois Balloux, a professor at the University of London, said the new variant should be carefully monitored and its spread analyzed.
"But there is no reason to worry too much unless its incidence rises in the near future," he said.
The professor added that the abundance of mutations in B.1.1.529 may be due to the fact that it "developed during the chronic illness of an immunocompromised person, possibly in an untreated HIV/AIDS patient."
The first cases of infection with this variant were identified in Botswana on November 11 and in South Africa three days later.
A 36-year-old man was found in Hong Kong who had a negative PCR test before flying from Hong Kong to South Africa, where he stayed from October 22 to November 11.
He tested negative when he returned to Hong Kong, but on November 13, the test result was already positive.
The Guardian writes that some South African virologists are already concerned, especially given the recent surge in the number of cases in Gauteng, where B.1.1.529 cases have been detected.
Ravi Gupta, a professor of clinical microbiology at the University of Cambridge, told the publication that her lab found that two mutations in B.1.1.529 increased the infectivity of the virus and reduced virus recognition by antibodies.
European Commission: vaccination certificates are valid for 9 months when travelling, indefinitely after a booster dose
The European Commission has just proposed to Member States to set deadlines for the validity of vaccination certificates for travellers between European Union countries.
According to the proposal, the standard period of validity of the vaccination certificate issued after the initial vaccination cycle should be at least 9 months.
This means that when checking passengers, Member States should not refuse to recognise a vaccination certificate confirming that less than 9 months have passed since the last dose of the initial vaccination was administered.
As far as booster doses are concerned, according to the Commission's proposal, the 9-month validity period should not apply to certificates issued after the booster dose.
This means that, at least initially, the certificates obtained after the booster dose should be valid indefinitely.
"It is possible that protection will last longer after the booster dose than after the initial vaccination, which is why the Commission is closely monitoring new scientific data on this issue.
On this basis, the Commission may propose at a later stage to establish an appropriate period of validity also for vaccination certificates issued after the booster dose," the Commission noted.
In order to give sufficient time to implement the new arrangements, the Commission proposes to start applying the updates from 10 January 2022.
Commissioner for Justice Didier Reynders stated at today's press conference that only vaccines approved by the European Medicines Agency are accepted, so certificates issued in Hungary, for example, where people have been given Russian Sputnik or Chinese vaccines, do not apply.
More than 650 million vaccination certificates have been issued in the EU to date.
The Commission further considered that a person holding a valid EU Digital COVID Certificate should not, as a general rule, be subject to testing, quarantine or other additional restrictions, regardless of the region from which EU he or she arrives.
People who do not have an EU Digital COVID Certificate could be allowed to travel on the basis of a test carried out before or after arrival.
The EU traffic light map will be updated as follows: the indicator of new cases will be viewed in conjunction with the vaccination rate in the region.
No restrictions should apply to travellers arriving from green areas.
Conversely, in the case of dark red areas, given the large number of infected people, it should be recommended to refrain from travelling in one direction or the other, and travelers who have not been vaccinated or recovered from the disease should be required to be tested and quarantined.
The exceptions should apply to cross-border commuters, children under the age of 12 and people with unavoidable need to travel.
In the Commission's view, the list of people with unavoidable travel needs should be limited, as many of the travellers currently on the list have had the opportunity to get vaccinated in the meantime.
Chinese company: Parliament passes discriminatory and anti-competitive law
Chinese tech company Huawei makes no secret of the fact that it doesn't like the electronic communications law passed by the State Assembly yesterday – it leaves the executive with the option of discriminating against entrepreneurs purely on the basis of what is their head office in the country.
"Based on the law, it can be assumed that obtaining a permit for use on the hardware and software of a manufacturer from a country outside the European Union, NATO or OECD may be significantly more difficult than in the case of a manufacturer headquartered in a member state of the aforementioned organizations," said Ben Chang Bin, head of Huawei Technologies Estonia.
According to Huawei's statement, the expected linking of a manufacturer of hardware and software used in a communications network to a specific country is not justified because all large companies operate internationally and their supply chains are similar to each other.
The security of the technology, according to the company, can also be ensured "through transparent and proportionate measures, avoiding unjustified discrimination against market participants and without harming competition."
According to the new version of the Electronic Communications Act, the Building Code and the State Fees Act, the government has the right to impose an obligation on a telecommunications operator to apply for a permit to use the hardware and software of a communication network in order to ensure national security.
This authorisation is also granted through the security agencies.
Hardware and software will be banned in cases where the list is so long that there is probably no country or manufacturer in the whole world that can meet the requirements set by Estonia.
It is enough, for example, for a company to have supply difficulties, have a cyberattack from its parent country, or have a history of security vulnerabilities in a product.
The manufacturer is located or has its head office in a country that is not a member of the European Union, NATO or the OECD.
The country in which the producer is established does not respect the principles of democratic rule of law or human rights.
The manufacturer's country of establishment does not protect the intellectual property, personal data or trade secrets of persons from another country
The country where the manufacturer is located behaves aggressively in cyberspace.
The country where the manufacturer is based has been attributed to cyberattacks by EU, NATO or OECD member states.
The manufacturer shall be subject to the government or state authority of the country of residence or of another foreign country without independent judicial review.
The country where the manufacturer is established or another foreign country may oblige him to act in a manner that threatens the security of the Estonian state.
The producer's economic activity is not based on market-based competition or insufficient conditions have been created in the country of establishment.
There is a lack of transparency in the ownership structure, organisational structure or management structure of the producer.
The financing of the manufacturer is not transparent.
The manufacturer's products or services contain security vulnerabilities and adequate security measures have not been taken to eliminate them.
The manufacturer is consistently unable to guarantee the supply of products or services, except for reasons of force majeure.
Following the decision of the Riigikogu, Estonia can now finally announce the auction of 5G frequencies for telecom companies.
Estonia ranks last in the European Union in terms of 5G deployment.
Mihkel Raud about the coronavirus reproaches in social media: it's like 15 minutes of fame, which makes it easy to lure sympathy from others
"Life is what comes when you have other plans," a wise man once said.
I guess that man was John Lennon.
Although we tend to attribute ingenious quotes to the people we like the most, it may be that instead of Lennon, these wise words were uttered by someone else.
But the core of the sentence, of course, changes little from that.
I had beautiful plans.
I had to perform with Singer Vinger in Sindh, then take the bus back to Tallinn and take part in the final show "Estonia is looking for a superstar" the next day – just as I had performed, traveled and participated countless times in a dozen years.
But life got ahead of my plans.
"I'm not feeling very well, maybe we're driving straight into town?" I tried to push Singer Vinger's companions to give up another stop in the woods.
We had already made three pieces of them.
The bus turned down into the woods, the men were making smoke outside, and I could feel the fever rising with every second.
And if you now think you've stumbled upon another COVID hit, you're only half right.
The family doctor warns: the flu is on the move!
This is a serious illness, it is not just a runny nose and cough.
How to protect yourself?
There is a lot of talk about the coronavirus, its prevention and treatment.
In addition to this, it tends to be forgotten that during the autumn-winter season, a lot of different respiratory viruses are on the move, and the flu has already reached Estonia, so it is high time to protect yourself from the virus, says Triinu-Mari Ots, the head of Laagri Family Medicine Centre and family doctor, giving advice on how to recognize and prevent the flu.
The typical Estonian autumn-winter cough-runny nose-sore throat season has begun, when acute viral infections of the upper respiratory tract caused by various viruses are mainly on the move.
"The more common causative agents are rhinovirus, RS virus, adenovirus and paraglider.
The common name for these diseases is acute respiratory viral infections, and in their case a specific symptom is treated, be it cough, sore throat, runny nose or headache," says Triinu-Mari Ots.
The exception is the influenza virus, the course of which is very specific and can be determined already in the first days of illness by symptoms.
"In this case, tests will also be taken to provide laboratory confirmation of the presence of the influenza virus," the family doctor says.
This is important both when prescribing treatment and for preventing or limiting lesions, for example, in a work collective, training hall or school.
"CRESCENT": What books to read in the autumn corona crisis
Will time to be more at home lead to an increase in reading?!
It's hard to say whether that quantity isn't really important in the final summary.
What can we find in bookstores?
The rankings are, of course, governed by biographies and cookbooks, but fortunately there are other.
Journalist Andres Raid and legal scholar and clergyman Igor Gräzin talk about books around us and at our fingertips.
A green transition or just plain stupidity in a cube: toilets and trash cans disappearing from the edge of state roads
Another example of austerity comes from the Department of Transportation, which goes against the green thinking that we have so widely introduced.
As the Transport Administration will have to cut operating costs by more than 3.5 million euros in the coming year, the removal of toilets and trash cans from car parks was identified as one of the savings.
The decision was made on the basis that road safety will suffer the least by cutting these costs, Raido Randmaa, director of the Infrastructure Management Service of the Transport Administration, explained to the ERR.
There are toilets belonging to the Transport Administration in 61 car parks all over Estonia, and garbage containers in 63 parking lots.
The Agency spends EUR 472 000 per year on toilets and EUR 267 000 on bins.
According to Randmaa, this decision has already been made by the Transport Administration, but since the agency's budget has not yet been finally approved, there is no signature on this decision.
"Well, come to the rescue in heaven – as a former Circle K leader and today the head of Ragn-Sells, I can't shut up," kai Realo, a top executive, comments on social media about the decision.
"When Circle K wanted to build service stations along the new highways, where both trash cans and toilets are known, the biggest hassle was to get locations where the then Road Administration would have given normal pick-ups and drop-offs, because 'Estonia is so small that a person here can drive the whole country from edge to edge at the same time and he does not need to refuel, eat or go to the toilet on the road'."
Realo adds that this attitude took a tongue-in-cheek approach at the time, but the decision now was downright insane: "Can you imagine this 'land of men in the burrows' and those piles of rubbish in the woods?"
Estonia's "openness" is also exploited by Latin American prostitutes and illegals
"Openness" has also made Estonia a centre of attraction for representatives of the dark side.
BNS writes: Police on Wednesday expelled a Brazilian woman who worked as a prostitute in the capital.
According to the Northern Prefecture of the Police and Border Guard Board, on Wednesday, November 24, the visa-free stay in Estonia of a 29-year-old woman, who is a Brazilian citizen, was prematurely terminated because she was providing sexual services in Tallinn for money.
The woman was ordered to leave Estonia and refused entry to the Schengen territory for one year.
This isn't the first time.
Police expelled a woman of Columbian nationality from the country in July this year who worked as a prostitute in Estonia.
At that time, the Northern Prefecture was conducting illegal proceedings against a Colombian woman born in 1988 who arrived in Estonia with the aim of providing intimate services.
The woman was ordered to leave the country and was denied entry for three years.
In December 2019, the New News portal wrote: "The police expelled a man of Brazilian nationality who worked as a prostitute in Tallinn.
On Thursday, an employee of the Northern Border and Migration Surveillance Service conducted an illegal procedure against a Brazilian citizen born in 1998, the Northern Prefecture reported.
The man did not want to cooperate with police officers, and in addition, he had provided sexual services in Tallinn for money.
The man's travel goal did not correspond to the actual goal.
The police terminated the man's visa-free stay prematurely, he was ordered to leave Estonia and refused entry for three years."
Latin Americans have also been found in Estonia following other paths.
In August this year, Delfi Ärileht wrote: "On the evening of August 4, a Toyota Yaris with an Estonian registration plate, driven by a Brazilian woman born in 1993, was inspected in Tallinn.
The woman turned out to be a food courier without a work permit, who is deported from Estonia.
There was a courier company's grocery bag in the vehicle, and the woman's phone showed that she had fulfilled the last order less than 10 minutes ago.
The person's short-term employment was not registered with the PBGB.
The woman's visa was revoked and her visa-free stay in Estonia was shortened once.
The woman was ordered to leave Estonia within 15 days and was refused entry for 3 months."
Twenty-seven migrants killed in the English Channel were immediately thrown into a propaganda mill
The deaths of twenty-seven migrants in the English Channel in the autumn are undoubtedly a great tragedy, but the liberal West immediately plunged it into its propaganda, largely to justify its inaction.
The most Pharisee move came from France, whose President Emmanuel Macron on Thursday warned British Prime Minister Boris Johnson against exploiting the migration crisis for political purposes, citing a boat crash in the English Channel that claimed the lives of 27 people.
Before that, however, French President Emmanuel Macron and British Prime Minister Boris Johnson agreed in a phone conversation on Wednesday to step up action against deadly sea crossings.
"Both leaders were clear that today's tragic loss of life was a stark reminder of the importance of keeping all options on the table to stop these lethal sea crossings and break the business model of the criminal gangs behind them," a British government spokesman said.
Britain is the country to which these people aspire, and France is a transit country from which they all rush unhindered and where they live in tent tents waiting for traffickers – Paris should have all the levers in its hands to prevent migrants from already using the country as a jumping block, let alone blocking the English Channel for human trafficking.
The British do not want them, the French do not – what are the obstacles to closing the route?
Five people have been arrested in connection with the sinking of a migrant boat that claimed the lives of at least 27 people in the English Channel on Wednesday, French Interior Minister Gerald Darmanin said Thursday.
Lille's prosecutor said 17 men, seven women and three minors died in a sunken boat off France's northern coast on Wednesday.
Four suspected smugglers were arrested as early as Wednesday afternoon, Darmanin said.
The French authorities did not spare words to express their alleged indignation, while traffickers would not be able to act with the support of the state – and this support comes both from maintaining the Ma Channel migration route (which could be shut down) and from creating favourable ground for human trafficking by allowing mass migration as a national policy.
President Emmanuel Macron said Wednesday night that France would not allow the English Channel to become a "graveyard" and promised that the authorities would find those responsible for the tragedy.
French prosecutors opened a murder investigation.
The president does not consider himself to be the culprit, although it is during his reign that France has flowed full of migrants.
French Interior Minister Gerald Darmian called for a "tough international response."
He said four people suspected of being directly involved in the incident have been arrested.
"The criminal nature of the smugglers who carry out these crossings cannot be adequately condemned," he added.
"This disaster in the strait is a tragedy," Prime Minister Jean Castex tweeted.
"My thoughts are with the missing and the victims who fell victim to criminal smugglers abusing their misery and misery."
The Pharisee tales of French authorities do not prevent human trafficking and drowning deaths.
Among the cars with the most rewinded mileage, elite German brands lead
Rewinding the mileage reading is one of the most common scams in the used car market.
In this way, the price of the used vehicle is increased by dishonest methods and the value of the car is violated.
A recent carVertical study found that buyers of elite German brands are at the greatest risk of buying a car with a modified odometer reading.
TOP 10 most often models with rewinded mileage: BMW M5 ranks first in the list
To find out the list of cars with the most rewinded mileage, IT company carVertical analyzed the history of more than 700,000 used cars from reports created between November 2020 and November 2021.
18 different markets were studied, including Poland, Romania, Hungary, France, Slovenia, Slovakia, the Czech Republic, Lithuania, Latvia, Estonia, Ukraine, Bulgaria, Serbia, Germany, Croatia, Russia, the United States and Italy.
Mileage data indicates that the BMW M5 is the car with the most modified odometer reading; More than a third of the vehicles used were involved in a possible fraud.
This separate statistical reading does not reflect the scale of the problem of rewinding the odometer of BMWs – as CarVertical's car expert Matas Buzelis recently pointed out, the whole list is dominated by different BMW models:
"Half of the TOP 10 list is occupied by cars of this manufacturer.
The indicator is correlated with the demand for used BMWs in different markets.
The data also shows that more expensive cars are more likely to have a modified mileage reading, and this fact must be taken into account when looking for a used vehicle.
That's where the car's mileage reading check wears off."
In second and third place in the ranking of cars with rewinded mileage, the BMW 7 Series and Subaru Outback are with 33.4 and 31.8 percent, respectively.
The Audi A8 was the fifth most commonly mileage fraudulent car, as its sportier brother, the A7, finished tenth, with just over a quarter (25.8 percent) of such vehicles having artificially reduced mileage, according to the study.
Matas Buzelis explains that the more frequent presence of higher-end vehicles in the list of vehicles with a modified odometer reading is primarily due to the greater possible difference in the sale of such used cars.
Rewinding the odometer is a relatively inexpensive and simple method that gives dishonest car dealers the opportunity to earn extra.
A longer list of the 20 most frequently rewinded cars with mileage can be found in a whole study.
Car models with the most rewinded mileage readings by year of production: older cars are more at risk of fraud
Studies show that when buying a used car, it is important to check the mileage of the car, especially for older vehicles.
The most popular models with a modified odometer reading were produced from 2006 to 2016.
However, car expert Matas Buzelis emphasizes that there is a connection between the possibility of fraud and the price range of the car:
"The list of cars with the most frequently rewinded mileage readings consists mainly of elite class vehicles, but there are also folk car models, although their share is less than the total number of cars with modified mileage.
Subaru, Ford and Volkswagen cars belong to the same age group as higher-class vehicles.
It seems that the mileages of cars aged 5 to 15 years are most likely to be rewinded.
Chamber of Agriculture: production cannot be sacrificed to the green transition
The Chamber of Agriculture and Commerce believes that businesses, consumers and the state must make efforts to achieve climate neutrality, but at the same time, achieving the green transition goals cannot be achieved by reducing local production and the number of animals.
The changes brought about by the green transition must also be economically feasible for businesses, which must be pursued by entrepreneurs, consumers and the state together.
The Chamber of Agriculture considers it important to have an understanding of the interplay between the climate package and the EU Green Deal strategies on Estonian agricultural and food production before making decisions.
In order to get an overview of the real environmental impact of the Estonian agricultural sector, a comprehensive assessment based on location and management method is needed.
Nor can the objectives of the green transition be achieved through local production and a reduction in the number of animals.
The Chamber of Agriculture and Commerce supports the direction taken by the European Commission to achieve climate neutrality by 2050, although this will be a major challenge for our agricultural, food, forestry and rural sectors.
However, each challenge also comes with opportunities that need to be skilfully exploited, according to the opinion sent by the Chamber of Agriculture and Commerce to the Ministry of the Environment on the European Commission's Fit for 55 climate package, mediated by BNS.
The Chamber of Agriculture and Commerce, which last year was the initiator of the import of Ukrainians led by its leader Roomet Ring, is trying to make eye contact with both the green transition and farmers – at the same time, the wants of farmers and climate hysterics are so different that it is difficult to reconcile them.
In addition, farmers' futures are also haunted by all sorts of ideological associations and pressure groups, such as animal and environmentalists, vegans and others whose actions are aimed at restricting and ending animal husbandry.
Migratory pressures are intensifying: Finnish entrepreneurs in Estonia have also complained and threatened with tax increases
It is sad when Finns have been put at the rupee of the Reform Party's immigration plans, complaining that Estonia lacks labour, while Estonians work for their northern neighbours – let them bring Estonians back home, to Finnish companies here.
The media, on the other hand, are buzzing about labour shortages every day, which is probably a new propaganda campaign to accustom people to immigration.
This is how BNS writes: At the meeting of the Finnish-Estonian Chamber of Commerce on Tuesday, foreign entrepreneurs operating in Estonia saw labour shortages as the biggest shortcoming in the Estonian economic environment.
"Estonian and Finnish companies have a common problem, where in a country with an ageing population, there is an increasing shortage of skilled labour," said Andres Sutt, Minister of Entrepreneurship and Information Technology, who attended the meeting, via a press release.
"At the same time, we see as a similar solution on both sides of the shore that recruiting skilled workers from abroad that share our common values and ensuring tax compliance is the only solution to the growing skilled labour crisis in the short term," he added.
Andres Sutt could look more closely at Finland – they solve labour problems with the help of Somalis and other Moorish "skilled workers" – and say whether the Reform Party also sees a way out of them.
The minister also does not want to pick up on the topic that behind the talk "Estonian and Finnish companies have a common problem" are Estonians who emigrated during the previous rule of the Squirrel Party.
This story is illustrated by the threat: "According to the Ministry of Economic Affairs and Communications (MKM), in five years' time there will be approximately 31,000 fewer people of working age in Estonia, and an alternative to increasing the state's income base would be to increase taxes."
In other words, there is a fear that if there is no agreement with strangers, taxes will go up and you will not receive a pension.
However, it is "forgotten" that foreign workers are undercutting the wages of Estonian people.
In the meantime, such threats had subsided, but only a few years ago it was written about how in 2040 tens of thousands of workers in construction, agriculture and elsewhere would be missing – as if there were no technological progress in 20 years, and even in the aforementioned year, everyone would do the work manually.
Paul Oja: gloomy visions of the future in Tom Clancy's stump novels also talked about the pandemic
In the 1960s, Soviet science fiction gradually began to break itself out of the murky scrub of carving around purely technical trifles or fighting pests.
On the one hand, bright visions of a happy communist future for mankind began to be constructed (Ivan Yefremov's "Andromeda Nebula" 1957, Arkady and Boris Strugatsky's "Noon" 1962), on the other hand, western bigotry, or dystopias created under the conditions of rotting capitalism, about future wars, acts of terror or pandemics, were condemned.
Most of the time, they were still yelling, "In 2000...!"
So what is all and what will come... As we know, Soviet communism, along with its bright visions of the future, disappeared into the black hole of history even before that magical year number.
However, sharp-witted Western writers still offer food for thought with their work.
Tom Clancy, a skilled and prolific practitioner of teknotrillers, or technical stump literature, kept a close eye on world events.
In 1975, the Soviet missile carrier tried to escape from the port of Riga to Sweden, but was forced to stop 50 miles before the Swedish territorial waters.
In 1984, Clancy's thriller "The Hunt of Red October" was released, which may have received the initial impulse from this very event, and which became a worldwide bestseller.
"The Invisible Enemy" (Patriot Games, 1987) tells the story of the terrorist activities of the Irish Liberation Army.
"The Cardinal of the Kremlin" (The Cardinal of the Cremlin, 1988) illuminates Reagan's strategic defense initiative against the backdrop of the U.S.-N. Union arms race in space, a plot sideline to the N. Union's hopelessly unrugged war in Afghanistan.
"The Real Danger" (Clear and Present Danger, 1989) describes the war against drug barons in Colombian forests and washington offices, "The sum of all fears" (The Sum of All Fears, 1991) examines what would happen if Middle Eastern terrorists took possession of a nuclear charge.
Little by little, however, the temporal relationship between Tom Clancy and the material he considered began to change.
Closely following world developments made it possible to predict some knotty events – alas, in the form of black scenarios, which, sadly, had a tendency to change from an action story to a reality.
At the end of the novel Debt of Honor, a terrorist rams a large passenger plane into the White House just as a congressional session is held there with the participation of the president.
The novel was published in 1994; We are well aware of what happened on 9 September 2001.
All the threatening visions painted by Clancy have not come true.
The great war between China and Russia, described in the novel The Bear and the Dragon, published in 2000, has not taken place.
Yet?
Contrary to the opinion of Francis Fukuyama and the cry out of the prophet Priscilla's perestroika, history is by no means over...
In the novel Executive Orders, 1996, an attack on the US is carried out with a bacterial weapon, trying to achieve the collapse of the country with the help of an epidemic.
Thanks to general vaccination, the epidemic quickly goes out.
It's much easier to come up with a really working vaccine in the novel than in reality.
In the novel Rainbow Six, 1998, the danger is much more serious.
The top-notch scientist, while at the same time the head of one of the world's largest pharmaceutical groups, has gathered around him a group of poison-green like-minded people who are determined to destroy most of the world's population during the pandemic – to save the planet from the disastrous consequences of human activity.
On the basis of Ebola, a virus that is guaranteed to kill is being developed.
At the same time, two vaccines are being created.
Vaccine A really provides protection against the disease.
It is injected before the spread of the virus begins to like-minded people and otherwise reliable or necessary people.
Vaccine B, on the other hand, is meant to generally launch it into the market shortly after the outbreak of the pandemic.
He seems to provide some protection, but in fact it is intended to further spread the disease in order to definitely get close to the original goals.
The virus is planned to be spread through an air humidification system at australia's Olympics stadium in hot weather.
Brave fighters against terrorism from the group Rainbow, with the help of a former KGB officer, are caught in the arm at the last moment, humanity escapes from an evil disease, and life continues as before.
Three very good Sony TVs that can now be picked up at a very good price with "Black Sale"
Not only are Sony TVs designed to watch TV channels, but with many additional apps, they can also be used for all kinds of other entertainment, from Youtube and Netflix to special sports broadcasts, games and even social media, because they have Google TV as their operating system.
Now, with "Black Sale," some very good screens can be picked up at an even better price.
Discounts reach up to a thousand euros.
Here are three decent offers, from which you will definitely find the right one for your needs.
All the "Black Sale" discount TVs can be seen on the Sony Center campaign page.
Both Dolby Vision and Dolby Atmos make this model a good movie night TV.
Both sound and image are of close quality to cinema, in addition, 4K resolution and HDR provide a good contrasting image.
However, the 4K X-Reality PRO is necessary when you are watching TV shows or videos that do not match the quality of the 4K screen.
Sony's pilid repair technology adjusts the image quality to make it as close as possible to 4K.
With support for Apple AirPlay, Apple Homekit, and Chromecast, you can connect other home devices to your smart TV without wired by streaming content over a network.
This model is currently available at a discount of 150 euros, i.e. at a price 19% less.
A step towards sustainability: SEAT connects factories in Spain and Portugal with a train path to reduce CO2 emissions
Spanish automaker SEAT has set a goal of becoming a carbon-neutral company by 2050.
To achieve this, SEAT launched the 'Move to Zerø' environmental programme to reduce CO2 emissions throughout the life cycle of products, services and mobility solutions.
Now, however, SEAT intends to establish another step forward in the 'Move to Zerø' strategy with a new rail service linking the Martorell (Spain) plant with the Volkswagen Autoeuropa plant in Palmela (Portugal).
Until now, vehicles produced in Martorelli were transported by train to Saloblasti (Madrid) and from there were delivered by truck to various dealerships.
With the new line, the vehicles will reach directly the Palmela plant, from where they will be taken by truck for the last time to the Azambuja distribution depot, which is 75 kilometers away.
At the moment, the service will operate twice a week and is expected to transport more than 20,000 vehicles a year.
This will prevent 2400 lorries a year and reduce CO2 emissions by as much as 43%.
The new train service, operated by Pecovasa Renfe Mercancías, consists of 16 wagons.
It has a maximum length of 500 meters and allows you to transport up to 184 vehicles per trip.
As of 2023, a train of 18 wagons will be put into operation, capable of transporting almost 200 vehicles at a time.
By 2024, hybrid locomotives will start running on the tracks, which will allow the track to use 100% electricity.
European Medicines Agency green light: Pfizer coronavirus vaccine is suitable for children aged 5-11 years
The European Medicines Agency on Thursday recommended extending the use authorization for the Pfizer/BioNTech coronavirus vaccine Comirnaty to children ages 5 to 11.
Until now, the vaccine was allowed for people aged 12 and over.
The dose of the Pfizer coronavirus vaccine for children aged 5-11 years is three times lower than the usual dose (10 μg compared to 30 μg).
As in the older age group, children are given a course of vaccines in two shots with an interval of three weeks.
A clinical study conducted with 2000 children showed that 5- to 11-year-olds received immune responses at three times lower doses at the same rate as older age groups with a full dose.
The side effects were similar to those in the older age group and were mild or moderate and resolved within a few days.
Therefore, the European Medicines Agency concluded that the benefits of the vaccine in children aged 5-11 years outweigh its risks.
The Agency will now send the recommendation to the European Commission, which will take the final decision on the use of the vaccine.
Marje Oona, a member of the national immunoprophylaxis expert committee, told the ERR that the commission will probably make a decision on the matter next week.
"With the approval of the European Medicines Agency (EMA), we know that the approval of the American Food and Drug Administration (FDA) has been in place for some time.
The US Immunization Committee has already made this recommendation quite a while ago, and more than three million children have already been vaccinated in the United States, so I actually see little reason not to be given.
But we haven't discussed it yet," Dr. Oona commented.
