Supreme Judge: general government orders cannot be so extensive  General government orders imposing various restrictions and rules during the corona pandemic should be more limited in scope, said Ivo Pilving, the Supreme Court judge.  "One limit we referred to, and the Tallinn District Court has already referred to, is that the general orders of the governments - imposing all the requirements of the corona passport today - that their limit must at some point come to an end.  Because the very nature of a general order is that its legal scope must still be limited in some way.  It cannot be as general as a single law.  And if it is not limited in some other way, such as for a certain group of persons or something like that, then it must be limited in time," Pilving, President of the Administrative Chamber of the Supreme Court, told a press conference on Thursday.  "It is not possible to take a position at the moment on whether that time has already passed today or will pass tomorrow or the day after - that is what these disputes are already in the courts for, and the truth will be revealed there.".  But somewhere there is a limit to the government's use of this instrument, and here the complainants' criticism is also to a certain extent correct, that the legislature cannot really distance itself from these issues." Pilving continued  A general government order is a special type of administrative act, whereby restrictions imposed can only be challenged in court by each individual person, and the corresponding court decision does not apply to all objects of the restriction, but only to the person who challenged it.  The widespread use of general orders has been criticised by former Chancellor of Justice Allar Jõks.  The Supreme Court judge stressed, however, that the dispute on which the Supreme Court made its decision public on Thursday is different.  "It concerns one institution - a very special one, but one institution nonetheless, the Defence Forces - and the rule of law is a bit looser here because it does not concern everyone.  It concerns Estonian men and women working in the Defence Forces, and the head of the respective institution may also impose requirements on a limited group of persons under the Occupational Health and Safety Act as it is understood today," Pilving said.  He explained that the case law of the Supreme Court so far indicates that the more extensive, deeper, more intensive a restriction or obligation is, the more work the parliament has to do with it.  "To the point that some obligations are such that they have to be regulated definitively by law," the judge noted.  "But on the other hand, the issue of vaccination and the pandemic, which is going in waves and where there is a need for a rapid response, then that again speaks in favour of executive discretion and in favour of government discretion.  And also, when we talk about the agencies and the requirements [to be imposed on] the people working in them, then there is room, according to the understanding of the Supreme Court today, for the orders of the heads of these agencies, if the circumstances are there," he added.
French fishermen block traffic on the English Channel to demand fishing rights  French fishermen will block barge traffic in three Channel ports and freight traffic in a tunnel between France and Britain on Friday to demand post-Brexit fishing rights, a union said.  Gerard Romiti, chairman of the French National Committee for Fisheries (CNPMEM), described the protest as a warning shot and said traffic would be blocked for several hours at the ports of Saint-Malo, Ouistreham and Calais, as well as the Eurotunnel.  The long-running dispute between Britain and France over fishing licences remains unresolved and threatens to escalate into a full-scale trade war.  "We don't want donations, we just want our permits back.  The UK must respect the post-Brexit deal," Romiti said.  "We have been holding our breath for 11 months.  There are limits to the patience of professionals.  We hope this warning bell will be heard," he said, without ruling out further action.  France has threatened to ban British fishing vessels from landing their catches in French ports and impose stricter controls on all British imports.  President Emmanuel Macron said such measures were being waited for to give a chance for negotiations, but French officials insist all options are still on the table.  Talks between French European Affairs Minister Clement Beaune and British Brexit Minister David Frost have so far failed to bear fruit.  Under last year's deal between Britain and the European Union, European fishing vessels can continue to fish in British waters if they can prove they did so in the past.  According to Paris, requests from several dozen French vessels have been rejected without justification.  London denies this.
Basketball team loses to Germany by four points at half-time  The Estonian men's basketball team will kick off the 2023 World Cup selection series away to Germany.  ERR's sports portal will be live-blogging the match, which starts at 20:00.  The Russian bounces long and looks for a spot, eventually earning a foul from Benzing.  It's the fourth for the experienced German, but with four minutes to go, both teams are now riddled with errors.  Heckmann misses both free throws.  With 4.20 left, Germany leads 61:58, but Jurkatamm fouls Heckmann on the free throw.  Veideman breaks very well and Estonia finally scores two points from the spot.  Veideman misses a long range shot, but Sengfelder also misses from under the basket and then fouls Nurger.  Jurkatamm comes to the rescue in defence and the ball stays in Estonia's hands.  Doreth misses from long range, but Treier makes his fourth foul on the boards.  One of two, 5.50 before the end of the game Germany leads 61:56.
Vambola Paavo | Let's follow Hungary's example and set a maximum price for petrol  A month ago, I was listening to a radio programme called "Prime Minister in the studio".  When the reporter asked Kaja Kallas how much a litre of fuel costs at petrol stations, silence followed.  The Prime Minister said, diffidently, I don't know.  At a time when the world's energy prices are going up, the head of government did not know how much anything costs!  Apparently he has life-suckers and bad advisers.  Hungarian Prime Minister Viktor Orban, on the other hand, knows, and knows very well.  Hungary fixed fuel prices nationally for three months.  They must not be more than 500 forints, or EUR 1.42 per litre, at petrol stations.  Currently, the fixed price for three months is 480 forints, or EUR 1.37 per litre.  Prices are reviewed every three months.  The cap was prompted by accelerating inflation and is the highest in the country in nine years at 6.5 percent.  Under the decision, petrol stations can sell cheaper, but not more.
HINA MEDITATION RECOMMENDS: this plant should now be in every home!  In the autumn, when it's crisp and damp outside, you need to strengthen and warm your body.  A number of herbs are perfect for this, keeping the heat in but not letting it build up.  It's very handy to put both herbs and hot water in a thermos, take it to work or school and drink a tea to support the body throughout the day, suggests the Health Alchemy blog.  When you run out of tea, you can add boiling water to the plants several times.
THE DISTANCE LEARNING IN TALLIN WAS POINTLESS!  Speed testing of schools gave just as good a result!  The four-week distance training of 4th-8th graders in Tallinn schools did not give the city an advantage in the fight against koruna, as the speed tests achieved the same result as in open school areas, dry figures confirm.  In Pärnu and part of Narva, distance learning also took place for a shorter period, but in Tallinn it started immediately after the school holidays and stretched to four weeks.  Researchers analysing corona now have an excellent basis for comparing Tallinn with the rest of Estonia.  For example, after future state exams, it will be possible to see whether four weeks of absence from school also means poorer results compared to the rest of the country.  But for now, the more important question is whether Tallinn's decision to shift municipal schools to long-distance learning has given the city more success in the fight against basketball.  After all, there was friction between Toompea and the sub-city due to the actions of Mayor Mihhail Kõlvart.
ANU SÄÄRITS ON HONEST LIVING: Objectivity and the courage to stand up straight and not underestimate yourself or others are essential.  Anu's childhood home has taught her that no matter what, you have to manage.  "I come from a big family.  In our family, my mother looked after five children practically on her own, we couldn't make any demands.  I had to grow up quickly myself in order to realise my interests somehow."  Indeed, curiosity has been a driving force for Anu Sääritsa (49), who is familiar with sports news and broadcasts, since childhood.  "Quite early on I saw that there was something interesting going on in Tallinn!  I decided to drive all the way from Tartu, check it out and only when I got back to tell my family that I had been there," she says, recalling the determination that led her to repeatedly go further afield.
Mart Seim: I'm the only one of the super-heavy lifters who competed at the Rio Olympics who hasn't been caught with banned substances  Estonia's most successful lifter Mart Seim and his counterpart Leho Pent are preparing for the World Championships, which start in two weeks.  If their favourite sport remains on the Olympic programme, both want to compete until at least the 2024 Paris Games.  This summer's Tokyo Olympic aspirations were hampered by a coronavirus suffered in the spring, which left both Mart and Leho confined to their beds and unable to regain their athletic form for the European Championships.
Readers' magazine | Appikarje: the shopping trolley only had wobbly legs sticking out of it  A man rescued a child who had fallen into the shopping trolley in a shop.  Does a child even belong in a shopping trolley?!  "I was on my weekly shopping trip and was just about to turn in between the fridges when I saw two legs sticking out.  At first I didn't understand what was going on, but then I realised there was a baby in the trolley.  I can't say for sure, but it was probably a toddler trying to climb out of the food trolley feet first.  Or maybe he had squeezed awkwardly in between the goods and was sitting upright," says Siim, describing the scene in the shop.
Poach nuts from a local nut producer for Santa's gift bag  Candies, various batonnières and chocolate bars - seem like the usual choice for Santa's gift bag or Santa's sushi?  In reality, they're not healthy at all.  Instead, you could treat your child or loved one to something healthy at Christmas time.  A variety of nuts, almonds and seeds are good for your health.  Some may raise an eyebrow, saying that nuts are also high in fats - could they not be equated with sweets?  No, certainly not.  If you look at the label on a packet of nuts, you will read that the fats in nuts are almost entirely made up of healthy unsaturated fatty acids, which are essential for the body, with a small amount of saturated fatty acids and no trans fats.  Fats are good for our bodies and should not be avoided completely.  However, it is important to choose unsaturated fats, the good fats, which are found in nuts, seeds and almonds.  That's why Germund Hulgi, the only Estonian nut producer, recommends choosing healthy snacks at Christmas.  Germund Hulgi's black-coloured Premium packs are particularly popular, packed with the biggest nuts and dried fruit.  For example, hazelnuts from Georgia, almonds from California, raisins and cranberries from Chile, and Indian nuts from Vietnam.  Roasting, salting, blending into tasty mixtures and packaging, however, is done in Estonia.
Moderate rise on the Baltic stock exchange today  The Tallinn stock exchange is up 0.19% since 24 November.  The share price of Bercman Technologies has undergone a noticeable fall.  On the Baltic First North list, Bercman Technologies shares have fallen from €9 to €8.6 in the last day, a drop of 4.44%.  Compared to the fall from €11.4 to €9 (-21.05%) on 24 November, Bercman's share price is now stabilising.  ELMO Rent's share price has also gone down after the good news at the beginning of the week.  As of today, the share has fallen to €5.03 (-2.9%).  On the other hand, K2 LT is up on Baltic First North to €31.2 (2.63%) and MADARA Cosmetics also made a slight rise of 0.71% to €28.2.  In the Baltic main list, the biggest risers today are Panevezio statybos trestas to EUR 0.7 (5.74%) and SAF Tehnika to EUR 12.5 (3.73%).  Utenos Trikotazas was the biggest riser in the Baltic supplementary list at EUR 0.815 (3.82%).  In the Baltic main list, today's biggest decliners were Griego at EUR 0.95 (-1.45%) and Ekspress Grupp at EUR 1.53 (-1.29%).  In the supplementary list, VEF's share fell sharply to EUR 5.1 (-8.93%).  Similarly, the share of Žemaitijos pienas fell to EUR 1.7 (-5.03%).
€792 for just one set!  New gym in Kohtla-Järve to be stocked with ultra-expensive clothes with state money!  In the list of the financial costs of the Wiru sports centre in Kohtla-Järve, which opened this year, the cost of the racks needed in the changing room of the gym stands out.  The manager of the sports centre justifies the extravagantly expensive racks by the fact that the aim is to be the most modern.
"You can't say I'm not a woman."  A special sprint maiden who covered the 100 metres from the fly in 9.86 seconds  With naturally high testosterone, Namibian sprinters Christine Mboma and Beatrice Masilingi don't fit into the usual boundaries and keep raising new questions.  During the Tokyo Olympics, Estonians were able to cheer on Maicel Uibo's wife Shaunae Miller-Uibo as she successfully defended her 400m title.  It was an overwhelming victory, but to be fair, all the potential challengers fell away for one reason or another and the slender Bahamian had to win.  In short, the path to the gold medal was cleared with a broom.  The Bahraini quarter-miler Salwa Eid Naser, who surprisingly took first place ahead of Miller-Uibo at the World Championships in Doha two years earlier, was penalised for failing to provide doping samples.  A new super-talented American-born 19-year-old Athing Mu opted for the 800 m, where he became Olympic champion.  And the Namibian teenage sprinters who have shown very fast times this year (Christine Mboma ran 48.54 and Beatrice Masilingi 49.53) were banned by the World Athletics Association (WA) from the 400 m due to high testosterone levels.  But what will happen to them now?  Mboma and Masilingi, who finished second and sixth respectively in the 200m in Tokyo, are still causing controversy.  Nobody seems happy.  Some think they have been discriminated against, others believe the duo should not be competing in the women's event at all.  The issue needs to be resolved as soon as possible, as observers say it is only a matter of time before Mboma, with her very poor start but unprecedented finishing speed, sets world records.
Government makes an exception: more spectators allowed for Estonia-Israel selection game  The government has decided to allow up to 3,360 spectators for the men's basketball World Cup qualifying match between the Estonian and Israeli national teams, which will take place this Sunday in Tallinn's Saku Great Hall, as an event of overriding public interest.  Under the current restrictions, a maximum of 1,000 spectators will be allowed to attend the indoor matches from 15 November.  The health authority will support the event with an increased number of spectators if the organiser mitigates the risk of the spread of the coronavirus in accordance with the submitted plan, the government said on its website.  The spectators would be divided into four zones in the Saku Suurhalle and would not come into contact with each other, the players or the staff serving the game.  Access to the event would be subject to the presentation of a COVID certificate and on-site mask checks.  In the sectors, it has been taken into account that people will be dispersed and that each area will have its own ventilation.  The use of trombones and the like is prohibited.  The Estonian Basketball Federation is advising spectators to arrive in good time to avoid queues at the entrance to check certificates and documents.  Doors will be opened one hour before the start of the event.  In total, 14 different entrances will be open on the four levels.  Estonia will kick off the 2023 World Cup selection series on Thursday evening when they face Germany in Nuremberg.  Tickets for Sunday's game against Israel can be purchased from Piletitasche.
Dinner had already been ordered and invitations sent: the Finns decided to cancel the Presidential Ball at the last minute  The Finnish President's Office announced today that for the second year in a row, the traditional President's Ball will be cancelled on Independence Day.  The decision has been delayed until the last minute, as the event should have taken place on 6 December.  This means that many hours have already been devoted to organising the ball.  Invitations were sent out some time ago, and drinks and meals were ordered.  According to the registry, nothing is wasted and can be used for future events.  The invitations sent out this time will also be valid a year later, writes Iltalehti.  "Preparations for the reception took into account the low number of guests and therefore fewer items were stocked for the event," said a representative of the Chancellery.  The reason for the cancellation is the same as last year.  There are concerns about the rise in coronavirus infections.  However, Presidential couple Sauli Niinistö and Jenni Haukio have found a way to celebrate Independence Day with their people.  On 6 December, the President and the First Lady will give an interview to Yle live from the palace.  The same broadcast will also feature performances by several well-known musicians.
Setting a great example: Anett Kontaveit doesn't sit on her hands during the holidays and helps those in need  After a gruelling tournament in Mexico, the Estonian number one tennis player took some time off to rest in her home country.  But in the meantime she is helping those in need.  Anett Kontaveit isn't just resting on her hands, she's making the most of the time.  She has posted pictures on Instagram of herself as a "plant-man", growing green plants at home.  She also does charity work, raising awareness of the work of the Shelter NGO.  Anett posted pictures of the dogs on social media, saying she would help them again this year.  At a press conference on Monday, Anett Kontaveit said she was thinking of aiming to win the Grand Slam tournament.  "I've been thinking about it for a few days.  Of course, my dream is to win the Grand Slam, but the most important thing is that the goals are development-oriented.  I want to improve my game and certain elements of tennis, as well as my physique.  If this development process is positive, better results will come," he told Delfi Sport.  Kontaveit thanked the fans who stayed up late into the night in recent weeks after her matches in Mexico: "It has been very heartwarming to see how many people have cheered me on.  I've received so much positive feedback and I'm very grateful to everyone who cares about what I do.  Thank you also to the supporters and sponsors who have got me here."  After a short break, Kontaveit will start preparing for the new season in Tallinn and will fly to a warmer place to acclimatise as the Australian tournaments approach.
Feel like you're no longer arousing your man?  Here's how to guarantee that the flag will always be raised.  Long cohabitation, domestic problems, nagging, piles of clothes and unwashed dishes - not a sexy combo at all, understandably.  But how to rekindle that mystical spark?  How to guarantee a passionate experience between the sheets that surpasses the honeymoon?  If you want to make your beloved's eyes light up again when he sees you, and you want to be able to sit on his lap so that he doesn't make a fuss about not watching the all-important sports match on TV because of you, then follow these tips and you're guaranteed a wild time with your man!  The sexual spark doesn't just reappear in a relationship, it has to be created and if the man hasn't bothered to take the bull by the horns, don't sit back and do it yourself.
Singer Jessie J lost a child: I have no control over my emotions  The famous musician recently split from her lover, Max Pham, but decided to carry the pregnancy to term and raise their joint child as a single mother.  Unfortunately, however, doctors were unable to detect the baby's heartbeat during a recent check-up, Jessie J revealed in a post on Instagram.  "Yesterday morning I was laughing with a friend asking her: "Seriously too, how am I going to make it to a performance tomorrow night in LA without telling the entire audience I'm pregnant?" the singer wrote.  "By lunchtime, however, I was struggling with the thought of how I was going to make it through the performance without collapsing.  During the third pregnancy check-up, I was told that the baby's heart wasn't beating anymore.  This morning.  I feel like I have no control over my emotions.  I may regret making this post later.  I really don't know."  Despite being in deep mourning at the moment, she is determined to make the performance in Los Angeles, believing it will help her.  "I want to sing tonight.  Not because I'm avoiding mourning or the whole process, but because I know that singing tonight will help me," she said.  "I've only done two concerts in two years and my soul needs it.  Tonight more than ever.  I know some people will say I should give it up, but at the moment one thing is clear to me.  I started singing when I was young because it makes me happy, it fills my soul and it's therapeutic.  That hasn't changed and that's the way I have to live things."  Jessie J revealed that she decided to raise her child alone because she was looking forward to becoming a mother.  She knows life is short and getting pregnant was a miracle and an experience she will never forget.  She hopes to conceive again in the future, but for now she is still in shock and extremely sad.  "But I know I am strong and I know everything will be okay," she added.  "I also know that millions of women around the world have felt this pain and worse."
Make your own candles with a small footprint  If you're pouring candles before the holidays, try Nordic and natural rapeseed wax.  Wax made from rapeseed is a renewable and environmentally friendly raw material.  It's that time of year when it's time to light candles.  You can make candles in spring and summer, but autumn is the perfect time to do it.  It's dusky and rainy outside, the wind is blowing.  At the same time, candle wax melts in the pot on the stove and wonderful aromas fill the room.  These are magical moments.  Our ancestors used to make candles out of the precious lamp-wood and only used them on special occasions.  Nowadays, there are many different materials and tools for making candles.  Trying to find your way around can be confusing.
A strange new beauty trend is spreading in TikTok: women are using liposuction as a make-up base cream  TikTok users are once again introducing a new beauty trend, suggesting that you replace the make-up foundation in your make-up bag with the lime you use in the bedroom.
The sad fate of Johannes Varese: was it suicide or was he taken from life?  Did Johannes Vares shoot himself, mainly because he was nobler than death?  Or was he forced or intimidated into suicide?  Or was he put out of action because he resisted, not physically, but mentally...?  Peeter Olesk discusses the life and death of Vares-Barbarus in his latest book.  When Johannes Vares, the poet Johannes Barbarus (12 January 1890-29 November 1946), was found dead in the bathroom of his Kadriorg apartment in the early hours of the morning, he was not, of course, shaving with a pocketknife, but probably with a razor, some kind of cream and a wax brush.  It could not have been a difficult or painful morning toilet, because he probably shaved every day, but of course he had several kinds of cologne water by the mirror, and liquids to remove the bloody traces of his incision.  The question is whether he wrote the two pre-mortem letters before he went in front of the mirror or afterwards, with his chin already shaved.  The answer to this question would help us to find out at what time Johannes Varese went to bed on the morning of the day of his death, how much time he had to write his farewell letters and where he did so.  A desk, white sheets of paper, an inkpot and a pen are not the usual things in a bathroom!  It takes about an hour to write two rather long, yet extremely personal letters.  Shaving, brushing his teeth and rinsing his gullet might take twenty minutes, but what John Crow could not have known was the length of time it would take to search for him and who would be the first to find his body.  Given these circumstances, I am inclined to think that the farewell notes were prepared before death arrived, at the latest the previous evening.  Consequently, they were written deliberately, not affectively.  According to Nigol Andresen's oral report, Johannes Vares did not want to live as an invalid at the end of his life.  It could be inferred from this that he knew the course of his illness.  However, the word 'invalid' does not necessarily imply an outwardly visible disability; it can also mean incapacity for work or dismissal from work for health reasons.
In Nõmmel, a book pear hid a murder victim.  The case is in the hands of "cold case" investigators  In 2019, police received an unusual call to Lemmiku Street in Nõmme: during renovation work on an old house, it turned out that there was a dead body hidden under a neatly stacked book light bulb in one of the rooms.  How is this possible?  An elderly lady has been visited twice by investigators, but they have not yet caught a clear enough moment to answer the question.  The lady may hold the key to one of the murders: she once said, according to a source, years ago that her son may have been guilty of the crime.
Gas instead of brake.  Controversial factory gets cornerstone despite ongoing litigation  The plant will not be built until there is a court ruling, government officials said this summer.  Yet the oil refinery got the go-ahead from ministers last Tuesday.  On 16 November, Eesti Energia laid the foundation stone for the Enefit280 oil shale oil plant, which the government allocated €125 million of taxpayers' money to the state-owned company to build and which climate activists sued to stop.  Those who pay attention will remember that only six months earlier, the Tartu District Court suspended the construction permit for the plant under a preliminary injunction, and Prime Minister Kaja Kallas said that a clear message had been sent to Eesti Energia: the construction of the plant must be put on hold until the end of the legal dispute.  In November, however, Eesti Energia pushed the gas pedal to the floor and started construction.  Legally, Eesti Energia does have the right to start building the plant, because in early June the Tartu District Court lifted the construction ban on the oil plant.  However, the company took a commercial risk by laying the foundation stone for the plant, as the dispute over the legality of the building permit is still pending.  "In the event that the plant's buildings and facilities are finally erected at the end of the dispute, but the appeal is upheld and the building permit is declared invalid, the further course of the case will depend on the reasoning of the courts.  It is entirely possible that the buildings will turn out to be illegal, and theoretically there is a possibility that they will have to be demolished," explained Kärt Vaarmari, a lawyer at the Environmental Law Centre.
The only Australian in Läänemaa teaches Estonians to eat grass  Matthew Hill, who has moved to Estonia from Australia, and his wife Piret started a grassland nursery at Jaagu Farm in Läänemaa.  The family grows dozens of varieties of sprouts there all year round and was awarded the title of best organic producer.  See here what else is in the latest issue of Maalehe!  Matthew Hill, who moved to Estonia from Australia, and his wife Piret started an organic plantation in Läänemaa.  On his vegetable garden, however, the farmer practises shovel-less soil cultivation, or sustainable farming, which is already very popular elsewhere in the world: no digging of the beds, just light aeration.  The Hillies' innovative ideas and techniques in vegetable gardening have attracted a lot of attention, and this year they were awarded the title of best organic producer.
German scientists teach cattle to use the toilet.  Results could change the world  A small herd of cattle in Germany has learned an impressive habit.  They use a fenced-off area of artificial turf as a toilet.  But why is such training necessary?  Worldwide, around 10% of greenhouse gas emissions from human activity come from cattle.  German scientists are trying to develop a seemingly unbelievable solution to make cattle farming more environmentally friendly.
Prosecutor in the case of the man who stabbed a woman to death: he regretted his actions and voluntarily sought help  On Wednesday, we wrote about the case of Kiur, the man who abused a woman and carelessly caused her death, who was sentenced to two years in prison, suspended for three years and three months.  This means that the man would only have to spend two days behind bars as things stand.  According to district prosecutor Kelly Kruusimägi, this sentence is justified because Kiur repented and voluntarily sought help for his problems.  We publish the prosecutor's comments.  "The evidence gathered during the pre-trial investigation established that Kiur punched the woman once in the face and the victim's death occurred approximately two days later.  The evidence confirms that immediately after the blow and for the next two days, the woman communicated with Kiur.  The following day, the woman left the apartment, moved around and, according to Kiur's testimony, did not realise that the woman may have suffered a medical injury that could be dangerous and require medical intervention.  Assessing the whole event, this is plausible because, as an alcohol abuser, the woman could also have moved about normally with some coordination problems.  Also, the victim was not bloody after the blow and did not complain of anything unusual.  Thus, we did not find intent to kill and the evidence did not point to intent to cause life-threatening injury.  Kiur has no current criminal convictions.  He admitted striking the victim and regretted his actions and that he did not understand the need to call an ambulance.  He voluntarily sought help for his alcohol problem and he is working.  Taking into account all these circumstances, but above all the specific act and the man's previous behaviour, the prosecution asked for a sentence of two years' imprisonment, which will not be enforced unless Kiur commits a new crime within a longer probation period of three years and three months.  The probation period is a period during which the person must prove that he will live law-abidingly in the future, which is one of the aims of the sentence.  This solution was agreed by all parties, including the victim's mother, who also said in her testimony that she did not believe that Kiur wanted her dead."
A day in traffic: three vehicles involved in an accident in central Tallinn  Three cars were involved in an accident in Tallinn city centre yesterday morning, one of which was parked on the side of the road.  At 9.53 a.m., a traffic accident occurred at the intersection of Pronksi Street and Gonsiori Street in Tallinn, where, according to preliminary reports, a 38-year-old man driving an Audi R8 collided with an Audi Q7 driven by a 44-year-old woman.  As a result of the collision, the Audi R8 slammed into a stationary Ford Tourneo.  The driver of the Audi Q7 was taken to the East Tallinn Central Hospital.  The exact circumstances of the accident are still being investigated.  At 15.20, a 48-year-old woman drove her Mercedes-Benz into a 75-year-old woman crossing the road near a house at Jüri Street 46 in Võru.  The driver took the pedestrian to Võru hospital for a check-up.  During the previous day, one driver of a motor vehicle with drug and one driver of a motor vehicle with alcohol consumption were caught.  A grey 2004 Volvo V40 with the registration number 789BSN was stolen from the Southern Prefecture.
Ülo Kalm: The elections promised a powerful new hospital.  The money comes from Brussels, but where will the staff and equipment come from?  How will the mayor, whose father is Ülo and mother is Liidia, manage to run a multi-ethnic city?  What was sad was former mayor Savisaar's belief that trust is eternal, and he put himself forward as a candidate again.  The star had gone out.  That trust is already proving to be more important than language and ethnicity is shown by the election results in Narva.  Doctors have to fight for trust against guttersnipe doctors who offer opinions instead of facts.  In addition, gentlemen who do not trust our hospital system at all have appeared in the limelight (or rather in the newspaper columns).  I have just read a Linseatic gentleman's tale of survival at PERH.
Alo Raun: congratulations, 55% support for the Cohabitation Act!  55% - today, the Cohabitation Act has the support of an absolute majority of Estonian citizens aged 18 and over who have an opinion on the matter, according to opinion polls.  In other words, people who can also vote for the parliament and take part in the referendum.  These are the aggregated results of the September and October polls conducted by Norstat and commissioned by the Liberal Citizen.  This trend has been going on for some time, according to the same poll.  So when we talk about what 'the people want', it is no longer correct to say that we/they are against the Cohabitation Act.
A new and "truly terrifying" variant of the coronavirus B.1.1.529 has been detected in Botswana.  A new variant of coronavirus B.1.1.529 with as many as 32 spike protein mutations has been identified in Botswana, and it is not yet known whether the antibodies available in humans will be able to respond to it effectively.  So far, only a handful of infections with this variant have been recorded as a result of sequencing - three in Botswana, six in South Africa and one in Hong Kong.  So the researchers hope that COVID cases caused by the new variant will not be widespread," Sky News reports.  Imperial College London virologist Tom Peacock called the number of mutations detected in the variant "truly appalling":  Oligogens are what viruses use to enter human cells, and the rationale behind most vaccines is to train the human body to recognise and neutralise them.  Therefore, spike protein mutations can be problematic for mRNA vaccines.  Professor Francois Balloux, University of London, said the new variant should be closely monitored and its spread analysed.  "But there is no cause for undue concern unless its incidence increases in the near future," he said.  The professor added that the abundance of mutations in B.1.1.529 could be due to the fact that it "developed during a chronic illness in an immunocompromised person, perhaps an untreated HIV/AIDS patient".  The first cases of infection with this variant were identified in Botswana on 11 November and in South Africa three days later.  In Hong Kong, a 36-year-old man was found to have tested negative for PCR before flying from Hong Kong to South Africa, where he stayed from 22 October to 11 November.  He tested negative on his return to Hong Kong but tested positive on 13 November.  The Guardian writes that some South African virologists are already worried, especially given the recent increase in cases in Gauteng, where B.1.1.529 cases have been detected.  Ravi Gupta, a professor of clinical microbiology at Cambridge University, told the publication that his lab found that two mutations in B.1.1.529 increased the infectivity of the virus and reduced its recognition by antibodies.
European Commission: vaccination certificates valid for 9 months when travelling, indefinitely after booster doses  The European Commission has just proposed to Member States to set time limits for the validity of vaccination certificates for travellers between EU countries.  Under the proposal, the standard period of validity of a vaccination certificate following an initial vaccination cycle should be at least 9 months.  This means that when checking travellers, Member States should not refuse to recognise a vaccination certificate confirming that less than 9 months have elapsed since the last dose of primary vaccination.  As regards booster doses, the Commission proposes that the 9-month validity period should not apply to certificates issued after a booster dose.  This means that, at least initially, certificates obtained after a booster dose should be valid indefinitely.  "It is possible that protection after booster doses lasts longer than after primary vaccination, so the Commission is closely monitoring new scientific evidence on this issue.  On this basis, the Commission may at a later stage propose to introduce an appropriate period of validity for vaccination certificates issued after the booster dose," the Commission said.  In order to allow sufficient time for the implementation of the new regime, the Commission proposes to apply the updates from 10 January 2022.  Didier Reynders, the Commission's justice commissioner, said at a press conference today that only vaccines approved by the European Medicines Agency will be accepted, and therefore certificates issued in Hungary, for example, where people have been given Russian Sputnik or Chinese vaccines, will not be valid.  To date, more than 650 million vaccination certificates have been issued in the EU.  The Commission also found that a person who holds a valid EU digital COVID certificate should not, as a general rule, be subject to testing, quarantine or other additional restrictions, regardless of the region of the EU from which they arrive.  People without an EU digital COVID could be allowed to travel on the basis of a pre-arrival or post-arrival test.  The EU CVV card will be updated as follows: the new cases indicator will be looked at together with the vaccination coverage in the region.  Travellers arriving from green areas should not be subject to any restrictions.  On the other hand, in dark red areas, given the high number of infected people, it should be recommended to avoid travelling in either direction and travellers who are not vaccinated and have not had the disease should be required to be tested and remain quarantined.  Exemptions should apply to cross-border commuters, children under the age of 12 and people with an unavoidable travel need.  The Commission considers that the list of persons with unavoidable travel needs should be limited, as many of the travellers currently on the list have in the meantime had the opportunity to be vaccinated.
Chinese company: State Council passes discriminatory and anti-competitive law  Chinese technology company Huawei is making no secret of its displeasure with the electronic communications law passed by the State Council yesterday, which leaves the executive with the power to discriminate against companies purely on the basis of the country in which they are headquartered.  "Based on the law, it can be expected that obtaining a licence for the use of a manufacturer's hardware and software from a non-EU, non-NATO or non-OECD country may prove significantly more difficult than for a manufacturer whose headquarters are in a member state of the aforementioned organisations," said Ben Chang Bin, head of Huawei Technologies Estonia.  According to Huawei's statement, the presumption that a hardware and software manufacturer used in a communications network is linked to a specific country is not justified, as all large companies operate internationally and their supply chains are similar.  It also said that technology security can be ensured through "transparent and proportionate measures, avoiding undue discrimination between market players and without distorting competition".  Under the new version of the Electronic Communications Act, the Building Code and the State Fees Act, the government has the power to impose an obligation on telecoms operators to apply for a licence to use the hardware and software of the telecoms network in order to ensure national security.  This authorisation is also granted through the security authorities.  The list of hardware and software covered by the prohibition is so long that it is unlikely that there is a country or manufacturer in the world that can meet the requirements imposed by Estonia.  For example, a company may be experiencing supply difficulties, a cyber-attack from its home country or a product may have experienced security failures.  The manufacturer is located or headquartered in a country that is not a member of the European Union, NATO or the OECD.  The manufacturer's country of establishment does not respect the rule of law or human rights.  The country of establishment does not protect the intellectual property, personal data or trade secrets of persons in another country.  The country where the manufacturer is located behaves aggressively in cyberspace.  The producer's host country has been attributed cyber attacks by EU, NATO or OECD member states.  The manufacturer is subject to the independent judicial control of the government or public authority of the host country or another foreign country.  The producer's country of establishment or other foreign state may oblige the producer to act in a manner that threatens the security of the Estonian state.  The economic activities of the manufacturer are not based on market-based competition or the conditions for such competition are not sufficiently developed in the host country.  The ownership, organisational structure or management structure of the producer is not transparent.  The financing of the producer is not transparent.  The manufacturer's products or services contain security vulnerabilities and adequate security measures have not been implemented to address them.  The manufacturer is unable to ensure the supply of the products or services on a consistent basis, except for reasons of force majeure.  Following the decision of the Riigikogu, Estonia can now finally launch an auction of 5G frequencies for telecoms companies.  Estonia is at the bottom of the European Union in terms of 5G deployment.
Mihkel Raud on coronet hijinks on social media: it's like 15 minutes of fame that make it easy to get sympathy from others  "Life is what happens when you have other plans," he says. a wise man once said.  I think that man was John Lennon.  Although we tend to attribute quotes of genius to the people we like best, so it could be that someone else said those wise words instead of Lennon.  But the gist of the sentence changes little, of course.  I had beautiful plans.  I was going to perform with Singer Vinger in Sindi, then take the bus back to Tallinn and the next day take part in the final of 'Estonia is looking for a superstar' - just as I had performed, travelled and participated countless times over the past dozen years.  But life got ahead of my plans.  "I'm not feeling too well, maybe we can go straight into town?" I tried to dissuade Singer Vinger's companions from yet another woodcutter.  We'd already done three of them.  The bus turned into the woods, the men were smoking outside and I could feel my fever rising by the second.  And if you now think you've stumbled on yet another COVIDi stick, you're only half right.
GP warning: flu is on the move!  This is a serious illness, it's not just a runny nose and a cough.  How can you protect yourself?  There's a lot of talk about the coronavirus, its prevention and treatment.  People tend to forget that there are a lot of different respiratory viruses circulating in the autumn-winter season and that the flu has already arrived in Estonia, so it's high time to protect yourself from the virus, says Triinu-Mari Ots, Head of the Laagri Family Medical Centre and family doctor, giving advice on how to recognise and prevent the flu.  The typical Estonian autumn-winter season of coughs, colds and sore throats has begun, with acute upper respiratory viral infections caused by various viruses being the most common.  "The most common causes are rhinovirus, RS virus, adenovirus and parainfluenza.  The common name for these diseases is acute respiratory viral infections and they are treated for a specific symptom, be it a cough, sore throat, runny nose or headache," says Triinu-Mari Ots.  An exception is the flu virus, which has a very specific course and can be identified by symptoms in the first days of illness.  "In this case, tests will also be taken to provide laboratory confirmation of the presence of the flu virus," says the GP.  This is important both for prescribing treatment and for preventing or limiting outbreaks, for example at work, in the gym or at school.
"PAROLKUU": What books to read in the autumn corona crisis  Will time to stay at home more lead to more reading?!!  It's hard to say, and in the end, the quantity doesn't really matter.  What can we find in bookshops?  Biographies and cookery books top the charts, of course, but fortunately there is more.  Journalist Andres Raid and legal scholar and clergyman Igor Gräzin talk about the books around us and within reach.
A mad dash for green or just a fool in a cube: toilets and bins disappear from the side of national roads  Yet another example of the mischief of austerity comes from the Department for Transport, which goes against the grain of the green thinking we are so widely adopting.  With the transport authority facing a cut of more than €3.5 million in operating costs in the coming year, one of the savings identified was the removal of toilets and bins from car parks.  The decision was made on the basis that by cutting these costs, road safety would suffer the least, Raido Randmaa, director of the transport authority's infrastructure management service, told ERR.  There are toilets belonging to the transport authority in 61 car parks across Estonia, and litter bins in 63 car parks.  Toilets cost the agency €472 000 a year, and rubbish bins €267 000.  According to Mr Randmaa, the decision has already been taken by the Transport Agency, but as the Agency's budget has not yet been finalised, the decision has not been signed.  "Well, heaven help me - as a former Circle K manager and today the manager of Ragn-Sells, I can't keep quiet," comments Kai Realo, a senior manager, on social media.  "When Circle K wanted to build service stations along new roads, where, as we all know, there are garbage bins and toilets, the biggest difficulty was to find locations where the Road Administration at the time would have given normal on- and off-roads, because 'Estonia is so small that a person can drive all over the country at once from edge to edge and not need to refuel, eat or go to the toilet on the way'."  Realo adds that such an attitude was forbidden at the time, but now the decision is downright insane: "Can you imagine this 'land of pissing men' and these garbage heaps in the forest?"
Estonia's "openness" is also exploited by Latin American prostitutes and illegals  "Openness" has also made Estonia a magnet for the shadow side.  BNS writes: A Brazilian woman who worked as a prostitute in the capital was expelled from the country by police on Wednesday.  On Wednesday, November 24, the Police and Border Guard Board's Northern Prefecture prematurely terminated the visa-free stay of a 29-year-old Brazilian woman in Estonia because she provided sexual services for money in Tallinn.  The woman was issued with an order to leave Estonia and banned from entering the Schengen territory for one year.  This is not the first time.  In July this year, police expelled a woman of Colombian nationality who was working as a prostitute in Estonia.  At the time, the Northern Prefecture was conducting an illegal procedure against a Colombian woman, born in 1988, who arrived in Estonia to provide intimate services.  The woman was issued with an order to leave the country and banned from entering the country for three years.  In December 2019, the portal Uued News wrote: "The police expelled a Brazilian man who worked as a prostitute in Tallinn.  On Thursday, an employee of the Northern Border and Migration Surveillance Service carried out an illegal immigration procedure against the Brazilian citizen, who was born in 1998, the Northern Prefecture reported.".  The man refused to co-operate with police officers and had also been providing sexual services in Tallinn for money.  The man's purpose of the trip did not correspond to the actual purpose.  The police terminated the man's visa-free stay prematurely, he was issued a precept to leave Estonia and banned from entering the country for three years."  Latin Americans have also been found in Estonia through other routes.  In August this year, Delfi Ärileht wrote.  The woman turned out to be an unlicensed food courier who will be deported from Estonia.  The vehicle was carrying a bag of food from the courier company and the woman's phone showed that she had placed her last order less than 10 minutes ago.  The person's short-term employment was not registered with the PPA.  The woman's visa was cancelled and her visa-free stay in Estonia was reduced once.  The woman was issued with an order to leave Estonia within 15 days and banned from entering the country for 3 months."
Twenty-seven migrants who died in the English Channel were immediately thrown into the propaganda mill  The deaths of twenty-seven migrants in the English Channel in the autumn are undoubtedly a great tragedy, but the liberal West immediately threw it into its propaganda, largely to justify its inaction.  The most cavalier move was made by France, whose President Emmanuel Macron on Thursday warned British Prime Minister Boris Johnson against exploiting the migration crisis for political ends, citing the boat accident in the English Channel that claimed 27 lives.  But before that, French President Emmanuel Macron and British Prime Minister Boris Johnson agreed in a phone call on Wednesday to step up action against deadly sea crossings.  "Both leaders were clear that today's tragic loss of life was a stark reminder of the importance of keeping all options on the table to stop these deadly maritime disasters and break the business model of the criminal gangs behind them," a British government spokesman said.  Britain is the country these people are heading to and France is the transit country they all rush through unhindered, living in tented camps waiting for traffickers - Paris should have all the levers at its disposal to stop migrants already using the country as a springboard, not to mention blocking the English Channel to trafficking.  The British don't want them, the French don't want them - so what are the obstacles to closing the migration route?  Five people have been arrested in connection with the sinking of a migrant boat in the English Channel on Wednesday which claimed the lives of at least 27 people, French Interior Minister Gerald Darmanin said on Thursday.  According to the Lille public prosecutor, 17 men, seven women and three minors died on board the boat that sank off the northern coast of France on Wednesday.  The four suspected kidnappers were arrested on Wednesday afternoon, Darmanin said.  The French authorities were at a loss for words to express their alleged intransigence, while the traffickers could not operate without the support of the state - and this support comes both from the maintenance of the Channel migration route (which could be closed) and from the creation of a breeding ground for trafficking through the authorisation of mass migration as a national policy.  President Emmanuel Macron said on Wednesday evening that France would not allow the English Channel to become a "graveyard" and promised that the authorities would find those responsible for this tragedy.  French prosecutors have launched a murder investigation.  The President does not consider himself to be to blame, even though France has been flooded with migrants under his rule.  French Interior Minister Gerald Darmian called for a "tough international response".  He said four people suspected of direct involvement had been arrested.  "The criminal nature of the smugglers who organised these crossings cannot be condemned enough," he added.  "This disaster in the Straits is a tragedy," tweeted Prime Minister Jean Castex.  "My thoughts are with the missing and the victims who fell prey to criminal smugglers abusing their misery and misery."  The French authorities' sophistical tales of human trafficking and drowning deaths are not going to stop them.
German elite brands lead the way with the highest number of cars with revised mileages  Reversing mileage is one of the most common scams in the used car market.  It is a dishonest way of increasing the price of a used vehicle and damaging its value.  A recent study by carVertical showed that buyers of elite German brands are most at risk of buying a car with a modified odometer reading.  Top 10 models with the most frequently revised mileage: the BMW M5 tops the list.  The list of cars with the highest recalled mileage was compiled by the IT company carVertical, which analysed more than 700,000 used car history reports generated between November 2020 and November 2021.  18 different markets were examined, including Poland, Romania, Hungary, France, Slovenia, Slovakia, Czech Republic, Lithuania, Latvia, Estonia, Ukraine, Bulgaria, Serbia, Germany, Croatia, Russia, the United States and Italy.  The mileage data shows that the BMW M5 is the car with the highest number of altered odometer readings; more than a third of used vehicles were linked to possible fraud.  This isolated statistic does not reflect the scale of the problem of odometer tampering with BMWs - as CarVertical's automotive expert Matas Buzelis recently pointed out, the whole list is dominated by different BMW models:  "Half of the top 10 list is occupied by cars from this manufacturer.  The indicator correlates with the demand for used BMWs in different markets.  The data also shows that more expensive cars are more likely to have a modified mileage, a fact that should be taken into account when looking for a used vehicle.  This is where the mileage check comes in handy."  The BMW 7 Series and Subaru Outback come second and third in the revised mileage rankings, with 33.4% and 31.8% respectively.  The Audi A8 was the fifth most frequently mileage-cheated car, while its sportier sibling, the A7, came in tenth, with just over a quarter (25.8 per cent) of such vehicles having artificially reduced mileage, according to the survey.  Matas Buzelis explains that the higher prevalence of higher-end vehicles in the list of vehicles with modified odometric readings is primarily due to the higher potential margins on the sale of such used cars.  Reversing the odometer is a relatively cheap and simple method that gives dishonest car dealers an additional profit opportunity.  For a longer list of the 20 most frequently recalled cars, see the full survey.  Most recalled models by year of production: older cars are at higher risk of being defrauded.  Research shows that it is important to check the mileage when buying a used car, especially for older vehicles.  The most popular models with modified odometers were produced between 2006 and 2016.  However, car expert Matas Buzelis stresses that there is a correlation between the possibility of fraud and the price of the car:  "The list of cars with the most frequently revised odometric readings is mainly made up of elite cars, but there are also mainstream models, although their share is lower than the total number of cars with revised odometric readings.  Subaru, Ford and Volkswagen cars are in the same age group as the higher-end vehicles.  It appears that cars between 5 and 15 years old are most likely to have had their mileage rolled back.
Chamber of Agriculture: production cannot be sacrificed to the green revolution  The Chambers of Agriculture and Commerce believes that climate neutrality must be pursued by businesses, consumers and the state, but that the greening objectives cannot be achieved by reducing local production and animal numbers.  The changes brought about by the green revolution must also be economically feasible for businesses, and this is something that businesses, consumers and governments must work together to achieve.  The Chamber of Agriculture considers it important to have a clear understanding of the combined impact of the climate package and the EU's Green Deal strategies on Estonian agriculture and food production before decisions are taken.  A holistic assessment based on location and management practices is needed in order to get an overview of the real environmental impact of the Estonian agricultural sector.  Also, the greening objectives cannot be achieved by reducing local production and animal numbers.  The Chamber of Agriculture and Commerce supports the European Commission's commitment to achieving climate neutrality by 2050, although this will be a major challenge for our agricultural, food, forestry and rural sectors.  However, with every challenge comes opportunities that must be skilfully exploited, according to an opinion on the European Commission's 'Objective 55' climate package sent by the Chamber to the Environment Ministry, BNS reports.  The Chamber of Agriculture and Commerce, which last year spearheaded the import of Ukrainians under the leadership of its chairman Roomet Sõrmus, is trying to appeal to both the green turn and farmers - but the wishes of farmers and climate hysterics are so different that it is difficult to reconcile them.  In addition, the future of farmers is also haunted by all sorts of ideological associations and pressure groups, such as animal and environmental rights activists, vegans and others whose activities are aimed at restricting and ending animal farming.
Migratory pressure intensifies: Finnish businesses in Estonia are also complaining and tax hikes are threatened  It's sad that the Reform Party's immigration plans are being targeted at Finns, who complain that there is a shortage of labour in Estonia, while Estonians are working for their northern neighbours - so let them bring Estonians back home, to Finnish companies here.  The media, on the other hand, is banging on every day about the labour shortage, which is probably a new propaganda campaign to get people used to immigration.  So writes BNS.  "Estonian and Finnish companies have a common problem, where the country with an ageing population is facing an increasing shortage of skilled labour," Minister of Enterprise and Information Technology Andres Sutt, who attended the meeting, said in a press release.  "At the same time, we see a similar solution on both sides of the coin that recruiting skilled workers from abroad who share our values and ensuring tax compliance is the only short-term solution to the growing skills crisis," he added.  Andres Sutt could look more closely at Finland - they are solving their labour problems with the help of Somalis and other "skilled workers" from the Moors - and say whether the Reform Party also sees a way out in them.  The minister also does not want to take up the issue that behind the talk of 'Estonian and Finnish companies have a common problem' there are also Estonians who emigrated during the previous slave party government.  This is illustrated by the threat: "According to the Ministry of Economic Affairs and Communications, there will be around 31 000 fewer people of working age in Estonia in five years' time, and the alternative to increasing the state's revenue base would be to raise taxes."  In other words, it is feared that if you do not agree with the foreigners, taxes will rise and you will not get a pension.  "However, it is 'forgotten' that migrant workers drive down the wages of Estonian people.  In the meantime, such threats had subsided, but only a few years ago there were reports of tens of thousands of workers being missing in construction, agriculture and elsewhere in 2040 - as if there would be no technological progress in 20 years and even in that year all work would be done by hand.
Paul Oja: the grim visions of the future in Tom Clancy's brawling novels also spoke of pandemics  In the 1960s, Soviet science fiction gradually began to break out of the obscure latticework of carving its way around purely technical minutiae or fighting pests.  On the one hand, bright visions of a happy communist future for mankind began to be constructed (Ivan Yefremov's Andromeda's Fog in 1957, Arkady and Boris Strugatsky's The Noon in 1962), while on the other hand, Western fantasy, or dystopias of future wars, acts of terror or pandemics created in the conditions of rampant capitalism, were condemned.  Most of the time, the cry was still: "In the year 2000...!".  As we all know, Soviet communism, with its bright visions of the future, disappeared into the black hole of history even before that magical year.  But the sharp-witted Western writers are still providing food for thought with their work.  Tom Clancy, a skilful and prolific cultivator of the technothriller, or technical brawler, kept a sharp eye on world events.  In 1975, a Soviet missile carrier tried to escape from the port of Riga to Sweden, but was forced to stop 50 miles short of the Swedish territorial waters.  In 1984, Clancy's thriller The Hunt of Red October, which may have been inspired by this event, was published and became a worldwide bestseller.  "The Patriot Games (1987) is about the terrorist activities of the Irish Liberation Army.  "Against the backdrop of Reagan's strategic defence initiative, The Cardinal of the Kremlin (1988) sheds light on the arms race between the US and the Soviet Union in space, with the plot as a side-line to the hopelessly deadlocked Soviet war in Afghanistan.  "Clear and Present Danger (1989) depicts the war against drug barons in the forests of Colombia and in the offices of Washington, while The Sum of All Fears (1991) examines what would happen if terrorists in the Middle East gained possession of a nuclear payload.  Gradually, however, the temporal relationship between Tom Clancy and the material he was dealing with began to change.  Close observation of world developments made it possible to predict some of the key events - albeit in the form of black scenarios which, sadly, had a tendency to turn from thriller to reality.  At the end of the novel Debt of Honor, a terrorist rams the White House in a large passenger plane just as a congressional session with the President is taking place.  The novel was published in 1994; we know well what happened on 9 September 2001.  All the threatening visions painted by Clancy have not come true.  The great war between China and Russia described in the 2000 novel The Bear and the Dragon has not happened.  More?  Contrary to Francis Fukuyama and the perestroika-era exorcism of the Prophet Priscilla, history is far from over....  In the novel Executive Orders, 1996, the US is attacked with a bacterial weapon in an attempt to bring about the collapse of the country through an epidemic.  The epidemic is quickly eradicated thanks to universal vaccination.  In the novel, it is much easier to think up a vaccine that really works than it is in reality.  In Rainbow Six, 1998, the threat is much more serious.  A top scientist, who is also the head of one of the world's largest pharmaceutical companies, has gathered around him a band of venomous masterminds determined to wipe out most of the world's population in a pandemic - to save the planet from the disastrous consequences of human activity.  Ebola is being used as the basis for the development of a guaranteed killer virus.  At the same time, two vaccines are being created.  Vaccine A really does protect against the disease.  It is injected into like-minded and otherwise trustworthy or necessary people before the virus starts to spread.  Vaccine B, on the other hand, is intended to be generally marketed soon after the pandemic.  It appears to offer some protection, but in fact it is intended to spread the disease further, so as to be sure to come close to the original objectives.  The virus is planned to be spread through an air humidification system at the Olympic stadium in Australia's hot weather.  Brave counter-terrorism fighters from the Rainbow group, with the help of a former KGB officer, get their hands on the virus at the last moment, humanity is spared the evil disease and life goes on as before.
Three very good Sony TVs now available at a great price with the "Black Sale".  Sony TVs aren't just for watching TV - with a host of extra apps, you can use them for all kinds of entertainment, from YouTube and Netflix to dedicated sports, games and even social media, thanks to the Google TV operating system.  Now, with the 'Black Sale', some very good screens are available at even better prices.  Discounts of up to a thousand euros.  Here are three decent deals, and you're sure to find one to suit your needs.  You can see all the 'Black Sale' deals on Sony Center's promotions page.  Both Dolby Vision and Dolby Atmos make this a great TV for cinema nights.  Both the sound and picture are close to cinema quality, and the 4K resolution and HDR offer good contrast.  However, 4K X-Reality PRO is a must if you're watching TV shows or videos that aren't up to 4K quality.  Sony's image enhancement technology adjusts the picture quality to be as close as possible to 4K.  With support for Apple AirPlay, Apple Homekit and Chromecast, you can connect other home devices to your smart TV without wires, streaming content over the network.  This model is currently available at a discount of €150, or 19% off.
A step towards sustainability: SEAT connects Spanish and Portuguese factories by rail to reduce CO2 emissions  SEAT, the Spanish carmaker, has set itself the goal of becoming a carbon neutral company by 2050.  To achieve this, SEAT has launched the environmental programme "Move to Zerø" to reduce CO2 emissions throughout the life cycle of products, services and mobility solutions.  Now, however, SEAT plans to take another step forward in its 'Move to Zerø' strategy with a new rail service linking its Martorell (Spain) plant with the Volkswagen Autoeuropa plant in Palmela (Portugal).  Up to now, vehicles produced in Martorell were transported by train to Salobral (Madrid) and then delivered by lorry to various dealerships.  The new line will take the vehicles directly to the Palmela plant, from where they will be transported by lorry for a final journey to the Azambuja distribution depot, 75 kilometres away.  The service will now run twice a week and is expected to transport more than 20 000 vehicles a year.  This will avoid 2,400 truck journeys a year and reduce CO2 emissions by as much as 43%.  The new train service, which will be operated by Pecovasa Renfe Mercancía, will consist of 16 wagons.  It will have a maximum length of 500 metres and will carry up to 184 vehicles per journey.  From 2023, an 18-carriage train will be introduced, capable of carrying up to 200 vehicles at a time.  By 2024, hybrid locomotives will be running on the tracks, enabling the line to run on 100% electricity.
European Medicines Agency green light: Pfizer's coronavirus vaccine is suitable for children aged 5-11 years  The European Medicines Agency (EMA) on Thursday recommended extending the marketing authorisation for the Pfizer/BioNTech coronavirus vaccine Comirnaty to children aged 5-11 years.  Until now, the vaccine was authorised for 12 years and older.  The dose of Pfizer's coronavirus vaccine for children aged 5-11 years is three times lower than the usual dose (10 µg compared to 30 µg).  As for the older age group, the vaccine course is given to children in two injections three weeks apart.  A clinical study of 2,000 children showed that 5-11 year olds had the same immune response with three times the dose as the older age group with the full dose.  Side effects were similar to those in the older age group and were mild to moderate, resolving within days.  Therefore, the European Medicines Agency (EMA) concluded that the benefits of the vaccine in children aged 5-11 years outweigh the risks.  The Agency will now send a recommendation to the European Commission, which will take a final decision on the use of the vaccine.  Marje Oona, a member of the National Expert Committee on Immunoprophylaxis, told ERR that the Commission is expected to take a decision on the matter next week.  "Since the European Medicines Agency (EMA) approval is in place, we know that the American Food and Drug Administration (FDA) approval has been in place for some time.  The US Immunisation Committee has already made this recommendation quite some time ago and more than three million children have already been vaccinated in the US, so I don't really see any reason why it should not be given.  But we haven't discussed it yet," commented Dr Oona.
