Supreme Court: Government General Organizations cannot be so extensive
Government general organizations, which have various restrictions and rules during the corona pledge, should be of more restricted extent, said Supreme Court Judge Ivo Pilving.
"We referred to one border and the Tallinn Circuit Court has already pointed out that the general organizations of the governments - which have all the requirements for the corona passport today - that their limits must be expired once.
Because the nature of the general organization is also that its legal action must still be limited.
He cannot be as universal as one law.
And if he is not otherwise restricted, for example, for a group of certain persons or something like that, he must be limited in time, "Pilving, chairman of the Supreme Court Administrative Chamber, said at a press conference on Thursday.
"At the moment, there is no view of whether this time is over or tomorrow or the day after tomorrow - this is already in the courts, and this truth will be revealed.
But somewhere there is also a limit to the government of using this instrument, and here the applicants' criticism is to some extent that the legislator cannot realize himself from these issues, "Pilving continued
The general organization of the government is a special type of administrative act, which can only be challenged in court in court only individually, and the corresponding judgment does not extend to all objects of the restriction, but only to the contested person.
Former Chancellor of Justice Allar Jõks has criticized the widespread use of general orders.
At the same time, the judge emphasized that the dispute against which the Supreme Court was still different on Thursday.
"It concerns one - a very special, but still one institution, the Defense Forces - and here are a bit more relaxed rule -state frames, because it does not affect everyone.
This concerns the Estonian men and women working in the Defense Forces, and the head of the relevant body may, in the context of today's understanding, impose requirements under the Occupational Health and Safety Act, "said Pilving.
He explained that the current practice of the Supreme Court suggests that the more extensive, deeper, intense the restriction or obligation, the more work it must be done by Parliament.
"Until some of the obligations are that must be finally regulated by law," the Supreme Court noted.
"But on the other hand, the topic of vaccination and a pandemic, which goes as waves and requires a quick response, it again speaks to the executive's decision -making power and the government's decision -making power.
And even if we are talking about the requirements of the institutions and the people of the people working in them, there is today's Supreme Court that there is also room for the directives of the heads of the agencies, if there is any circumstances, "he added.
French fishermen block the catch of fishing rights on traffic on La Manche
French fishermen will prevent ferry traffic in three La Manche Strait ports on Friday and in a tunnel between France and Britain, the trade union said.
Gerard Romit, Chairman of the French National Fisheries Committee (CNPMEM), described the protest as a warning shot and said that traffic would be blocked for several hours in the port of Saint-Malo, Ouistrham and Calais for several hours.
The British and France but lasting a dispute over fishing permits are still unsolved and threatens to escalate into a full -scale trade war.
"We don't want donations, we just want our promises back.
The United Kingdom must follow the post-Brexit agreement, "Romiti said.
"We've been holding our breath for 11 months.
There are limits on the suffering of professionals.
We hope that this warning shot will be heard, "he said without excluding further measures.
France has threatened to prohibit British fishing vessels to unload their prey in French ports and impose a stricter check for all British import goods.
According to President Emmanuel Macron, such measures are expected to give the opportunity to negotiate, but French officials emphasize that all options are still on the table.
The negotiations of David Frost, Minister of the French European Questions Minister and British Brexit, have not yet beared fruit.
According to Britain and the European Union, European fishing vessels can continue to catch British waters if they can prove that they did so sooner.
According to Paris, the requests of dozens of French ships have been rejected.
London denies it.
The basketball team lost to Germany with four points
The Estonian men's basketball team will start the 2023 World Championship Series, facing Germany.
The ERR sports portal will mediate the meeting starting at 8 pm in the live blog.
Russian bounce for a long time and search for a place, finally serving a mistake from Benzing.
It is fourth for the German, but four minutes before the end of the game, both national teams are now full of mistakes.
Heckmann is mistaken in both free throw.
4.20 remains, Germany leads 61:58, but Jurkatamm makes a mistake for Heckmann.
Veideman breaks very well and Estonia finally earns two points from the game.
Veideman does not hit a long throw, but Sengfelder also does not get in the basket and then makes a mistake on the corner.
Jurkatamm comes to the help of a great help and the ball remains in Estonia.
Doreth doesn't hit far, but Treier makes her fourth mistake in the table fight.
One of the two, 5.50 before the end of the game in front of Germany 61:56.
Vambola Paavo |Let's set up the maximum price of gasoline on Hungary
A month ago, I came across a radio show "The Prime Minister is in the Studio".
When the reporter asked Kaja Kallas how much a fuel liter at the filling stations, silence followed.
The Prime Minister announced hesitantly, I do not know.
At the time in the world, energy carriers become more expensive that the head of government is about how much something costs!
Consequently, he has strangers and bad advisers.
On the other hand, Hungarian Prime Minister Viktor Orban knows and very well.
Hungary fixed fuel prices for three months.
They must not be more than 500 forints or 1.42 euros per liter at gas stations.
Currently, a fixed price for three months is 480 forints or 1.37 euros per liter.
Prices are reviewed every three months.
The ceiling was driven by accelerated inflation and is the largest in the country in nine years - 6.5 percent.
According to the decision, gas stations may be sold cheaper, but no more expensive.
Chinese medicine recommends: This plant should be in every home now!
In the autumn winter, when the outdoors are damp and moist, it is necessary to strengthen and warm the body.
Several herbs are suitable for this for this, which keeps warm inside but prevents excessive heat.
It is very convenient to put both plants and hot water in a thermos, grab it to work or school, and drink the path that supports the body during the day, a health alchemy blog is recommended.
If the tea runs out, the plants may be added several times boiling water.
Tallinn's distance training was meaningless!
The quick testing of schools gave the same good result!
Tallinn schools 4-8.The four -week distance training of the classes did not give the city an advantage in the control of the corona, as fast tests achieved an equivalent result in open -school regions, the dry numbers confirm.
For a shorter period of time, distance training was also held in Pärnu and partly in Narva, but in Tallinn it started immediately after school holidays and stretches for up to four weeks.
For researchers analyzing corona, the rest of Estonia has now formed a great reference base in Tallinn.
After the future state exams, for example, one can look at whether the absence of four weeks of school also means poorer results compared to the rest of the country.
At the moment, however, the most important question is whether Tallinn's decision to direct municipal schools to long distance training gave the city more success in the fight against the corona.
After all, there was a rubbing between Toompea and the sub-city due to the activities of Mayor Mikhail Kõlvart.
Anu Säärits honestly about life: important and courage are important to be straight back and not underestimate yourself or others
Anu has gained the knowledge of the childhood home that it must be done.
“I come from a big family.
In our family, the mother practically took care of five children alone, we could not make any demands.
I had to get up quickly to somehow realize my interests. ”
Curiosity has indeed been the power of Anu Sääritsa (49), who is familiar with sports news and broadcasts, since childhood.
“I watched quite early on, see, there is some interesting thing in Tallinn!
I decided to take the voice from Tartu, look at it, and to tell the family only when I returned, ”she smiles at her then decision -making resistance, which repeatedly headed for her.
Mart Seim: I have competed in the Rio Olympics the only one of the high -weighted weightlifters who has not been missed with banned substances
Mart Seim, the most successful lifter in Estonia, and his counterpart Leho Pent, are preparing for the starting World Championship in two weeks.
If their favorite fish is still in the Olympic program, they both want to compete in the Paris Games at least 2024.
This summer, the Tokyo Olympics aspiration was dashed by a coronavirus in the spring, which chained both Mardi and Leho in the bed and did not allow the EM to restore the sporty form.
Reader magazineAppikarju: Only the legs of the shopping trolley stood out
The man saved a child sunking between the goods in the shop.
Is the child's place in the shopping cart at all?!
“I was on my weekly shopping trip and turned between the cold counters when I had two crawling legs in front of my eyes.
At first I didn't understand what was going on, but then I realized that the shopping cart was a child.
You don't dare to say for sure, but the toddler probably tried to climb out of the food piles.
Or it was uncomfortable between the goods and setting himself up, ”Siim describes the view that opened in the shop.
Poet Santa's gift bag for domestic nut producer nuts
Candies, different bars and chocolate bars - seems a standard choice in Santa's gift bag or dwarf slippers?
In reality, they are not healthy at all.
Instead, a child or a beloved person could be delighted with something healthy during the Christmas season.
Different nuts, almonds and seeds are good for health.
Many can wrinkle their eyebrows, saying that there are many fats in the nuts too - would they not be equated with candy?
No, certainly not.
If you look at the label on the nut pack, you may read that nuts are almost entirely of healthy and unsaturated fatty acids for the body, a small amount of saturated fatty acids and there are no trans fats.
Fats are beneficial to our bodies and should not be completely avoided.
However, it is important to prefer unsaturated fatty acids, or good fats that can be obtained from nuts, seeds and almonds.
So the only Estonian nut producer Germund recommends choosing healthy snacks on Christmas holidays.
Germund is particularly popular with a wholesale black premium pack, which reach the largest nuts and dried fruits.
For example, the hazelnuts come from Georgia, almonds from California, raisins and cranberries from Chile, cashew nuts from Vietnam.
However, roasting, salting, mixing and packing into delicious mixtures takes place in Estonia.
Baltic Stock Exchange Today's Moderate Rise
The Tallinn Stock Exchange has risen 0.19%compared to November 24.
The stock price of Bercman Technologies has made a noticeable fall.
The Baltic First North list has a Bercman Technologies share from € 9 to € 8.6 in the last day, which means a 4.44% decline.
Compared to the fall of EUR 11 to 9 (-21.05%) compared to the fall on November 24, Bercman's stock price is currently stabilizing.
Elmo's rent has also fallen into a decline after the good news of the week.
As of today, the share has fallen to EUR 5.03 (-2.9%).
On the other hand, Baltic First North is rising from K2 to 31.2 (2.63%) and Madara Cosmetics also made a slight increase to EUR 0.71% to 28.2 euros.
The Baltic Main List includes today's largest rises in Panevezio Statybos Trusta to EUR 0.7 (5.74%) and SAF Technique to 12.5 euros (3.73%).
The biggest ascendant in the Baltic list was in Uteenos Trikotazas to EUR 0.815 (3.82%).
The main list of the Baltic list today included Griego to EUR 0.95 (-1.45%) and Ekspress Grupp to EUR 1.53 (-1.29%).
The value of the VEF share in the additional list decreased to EUR 5.1 (-8.93%).
Similarly, Žemaitijos Pienas's share also fell to 1.7 euros (-5.03%).
€ 792 just one set!
The new gym of Kohtla-Järve will be stocked for public money with high-end clothes
The list of the proprietary costs of the Kohtla-Järve Wiru Sports Center, which opened this year, is particularly noticeable in the cost of the racks in the locker room of the gym.
The driver of the sports center justifies the sloping racks by wanting to be the most modern.
"You can't say I'm not a woman."
A special sprint girl who passed 100 meters from the flight in 9.86 seconds
Naturally high testosterone Namibia sprinters Christine Mboma and Beatrice Masiling do not fit into the regular limits and are raising new questions.
During the Tokyo Olympics, Estonians were able to accompany Maicel Uibo's husband Shaunae Miller-Uibo when he successfully defended the 400-meter title.
The victory was overwhelming, but to be honest, all possible threats fell for one reason or another, and the slender Bahamane had to win.
Figuratively speaking, the road was cleaned with the gold medal.
Two years earlier, Bahrain's quarter-Mailer Salwa Eid Naser, who was surprised at the Miller-Uibo in the World Championships, was sentenced to punishment due to doping tests.
The new Super Talent, a new super-talent in America, chose my 800m distance, where he became the Olympic champion.
And this year's very busy times on the teenage Namibia sprinters (Christine Mboma ran 48.54 and Beatrice Masiling's 49.53) banned the World Athletics Association (WA) 400m because of too high testosterone levels.
But what happens next?
Mboma and Miling, who came second and sixth in Tokyo 200m, are still causing disagreement.
Nobody is happy.
Some think they have been discriminated against, some believe that this duo should not compete with women at all.
The topic requires a solution as soon as possible, as observers say it is only a matter of time before the very poor start but unprecedented end -speed Mboma's world records.
The government made an exception: more spectators are allowed to the Estonian-Israel qualifying game
This Sunday, the government thought the men's basketball qualifying game between the Estonian and Israeli national teams in the Saku Great Hall in Tallinn this Sunday for events with overwhelming social interests and promises to the game up to 3360 spectators.
According to current restrictions, up to 1000 spectators may participate in indoor sports competitions as of November 15.
The Health Board supports the event with an increased number of spectators as the organizer mitigates the risk of the spread of coronavirus according to the plan, the government said on its website.
Spectators would be divided into four zones in Saku Suurhall and would not come in contact with each other, with players or staff serving the game.
Only Covid's proof of the evidence is available and the mask is checked on the spot.
The sectors take into account that people are scattered and separate ventilation is provided on each area.
The use of trumpets and the like is prohibited.
The Estonian Basketball Association will make a preliminary discovery for spectators to arrive in time to avoid queues at the entrance to the verification and documents.
The doors will be opened one hour before the start of the event.
In total, 14 different entrances are open for four levels.
The Estonian team will start the 2023 World Championship Series on Thursday evening, facing Germany in Nuremberg.
You can buy a ticket pocket for Sunday with Israel.
The food had already been ordered and the invitations were sent: Finns decided to leave the presidential ball at the last moment
The Office of the Finnish President today announced that for the second year in a row, the traditional presidential ball will be canceled on Independence Day.
The decision was essentially stretched to the last moment because the event should have been on December 6
This means that many hours of work are already dedicated to the organization of the ball.
Some time ago, invitations were sent out and drinks and meals were also ordered.
According to the office, nothing is wasted, but can be used at the next events.
The invitations sent out this time will also apply in a year, writes Iltalehti.
"Preparations for the reception took into account the number of guests and therefore fewer things were stocked for the event," the office spokesman said.
The reason for the ball cancellation is the same as last year.
Namely, they are concerned about the rise in coronavirus infections.
However, the presidential couple Sauli Niinistö and Jenni Haukio have found a way to celebrate their people's Independence Day with their people.
On December 6, the President and Esileed will give an interview directly to Yle.
Several well -known musicians perform in the same transmission.
Great example: Anett Kontaveit during the holidays does not sit down and helps those in need
After a tiring tournament in Mexico, Estonia took time off for a while and is resting at home.
But during that time he helps those who need help.
Anett Kontaveit does not just break his hands, but practically uses that time.
He posted pictures of Instagram, calling himself "plant mum", growing greenery plants at home.
And he also deals with charity, increasing awareness of the activities of the NGO Shelters.
Anett posted pictures of dogs on social media, saying he would assist them this year.
At Monday's press conference, Anett Kontaveit said she had thought of winning a big slam tournament.
"I've been thinking about it for a couple of days.
Of course, my dream is to win a big slam, but the most important thing is that the goals are development based.
I want to improve my game and certain tennis features as well as the physique.
If this development process is positive, better results will also come, "he said through Delfi Sport.
Kontaveit thanked the fans who were up during his Mexican Games in recent weeks at deep night hours: “It has been very heart -warming how many people have lived with me.
I have received so much positive feedback and I am very grateful to anyone who cares about what I do.
I also thank the supporters and sponsors, thanks to whom I have come here. ”
After a short vacation, Kontaveit will begin to prepare for the new season in Tallinn, and as the Australian tournaments approaching the tournaments, it will fly to some warmer places to acclimatize.
Do you feel that a man no longer has an exciting effect?
This way you can guarantee that the flag is always hoisted
Long -term cohabitation, household problems, cribs, accumulating clothes and unwashed dishes - not a sexy combo at all.
But how to awaken this mysterious spark again?
How do you guarantee a passionate experience between sheets that would surpass the honeymoon?
If you want your loved one to shine again when you see you and you can sit on her lap so that he does not roar, he does not see a frantic sporting event on TV because!!
A sexy spark does not appear back in the relationship, it must be created, and if the man has not bothered to grab the bull by the horn, do not rest on the laurels and do it yourself.
Singer Jessie J lost child: I don't have control over my emotions
A well -known musician recently separated from his loved one, Max Pham, but decided to carry and raise their common child as a single mother until the end of pregnancy.
Unfortunately, during a recent review, doctors could not detect the child's heartbeat, Jessie J said in a post made by Instagram.
"Yesterday morning, I laughed with a friend, asking him," Seriously, how can I do tomorrow night in LA, without saying to the whole audience that I was pregnant? "," The singer wrote.
“For lunch, however, I fought with the idea of how I would handle it without collapsing.
During the third review of pregnancy, I was told that the baby's heart was no longer beating.
Today morning.
I have a feeling that I have no control over my emotions.
I may regret making this post later.
I don't really know. ”
Despite the fact that a woman is currently in deep grief, she has decided to do the performance in Los Angeles, believing that it will help her.
"I want to sing tonight.
Not because I avoid mourning or all the process, but because I know singing tonight will help me, "he said.
"I have only done two concerts in two years and my soul needs it.
Today more than before.
I know some people say I should cancel it, but at the moment one thing is clear to me.
I started singing when I was young because it makes me happy, fills my soul and acts as therapy.
It hasn't changed and I have to go through things in this way. "
Jessie J stated that he decided to raise the child alone because he was looking forward to becoming a mother.
She knows that life is short and pregnancy was a miracle and experience she never forget.
He hopes he will be able to become pregnant again in the future, but he is still in shock and extremely sad.
"But I know I'm strong and I know everything is fine," he added.
"I also know that millions of women around the world have felt this pain and even worse."
Prepare candles with a small footprint
Whoever pours candles before the holidays are experimenting with Nordic and natural rape wax.
Wax produced from rapeseed is a renewable and very environmentally friendly raw material.
It is the time for the autumn of the autumn.
Candles can also be made in spring and summer, but this operation is particularly well suited for autumn.
Outside is dim and rainy, the wind is bellows.
At the same time, candle wax melts on the stove and the wonderful aromas fill the room.
These are magical moments.
Our ancestors made candles from valuable sheep fat and were used only for special occasions.
Today, there are many different materials and tools to make candles.
Orientation can cause confusion.
A new strange beauty trend is spreading in Tiktok: Women use lubricant as a make -up cream
Tiktok users will once again introduce a new beauty trend, suggesting replacing your cosmetic bag makeup cream with a lubricant in the bedroom.
John Varese's sad fate: was it suicide or was he removed from life?
Did John shot himself mainly because of being smarter than death?
Or was he forced or intimidated by suicide?
Or was removed from life because it started not physically but mentally ...
Peeter Olesk discusses the life and death of Vares-Barbarus in his last piece.
When Johannes Vares, as a poet Johannes Barbarus (Jan 12, 1890-29 Nov. 1946), was found as a poet in the early morning, of course he did not drive his beard pocket knife, but probably with a razor, some cream and whipped brush.
It could not be difficult and painful in the morning, because he probably had a beard every day, but of course he had several varieties of Cologne waters at the mirror, and the liquids of the cutting bloodstream were also found.
The question is whether he wrote two pre -death letters before or after going to the mirror, the chin has already been shaved.
The answer to the question raised would help us explain what time John Vares went to sleep on the morning of death on the morning of death, how much time he had to write goodbye and where he did it.
Desk, white sheets of paper, ink pot and pen are not ordinary things in the bathroom!
It takes about an hour to write two quite long and extremely personal letters.
It could take about twenty minutes for shaving, braving and rinsing the oral cavity, but what John Vares could not know was the length of the time, after which he would have been sought and who finds his body first.
Given these circumstances, I tend to think that farewell letters were ready before death, no later than the previous day.
Consequently, they were written consciously, not affective.
According to Nigol Andresen's oral announcement, Johannes Vares did not want to live as a disabled at the end of his life.
From this it could be concluded that he knew the course of his illness.
However, the word "disabled" does not necessarily mean a noticeable disability, which may also mean a loss of ability to work or from work as a pretext for health reasons.
In Nõmme, the book was hiding the murder victim.
The case is in the hands of 'cold murders' investigators
In 2019, police received an unusual invitation to Nõmme on Favorite Street: during the renovation of the old house, it turned out that a body hidden under a stack of booklet was stacked in one room.
How is this possible?
One of the elderly ladies has visited the village twice, but there is not yet a clear moment to answer the question.
Mrs. may have the key to one murder: she has said for years ago that her son may be guilty of a crime.
Instead of the brake.
The controversial factory received the cornerstone despite the ongoing litigation
Before there is no judgment, the factory will not be built, the members of the government said this summer.
However, on Tuesday of last week, the oil plant got a cornerstone with the approval of ministers.
On November 16, Eesti Energia's cornerstone was awarded to the Enefit280 cornerstone of the shale oil plant, for which the government allocated to a state -owned company of 125 million euros of taxpayers' money and the climate of the construction of the construction.
More attentive remembers that just half a year earlier, the Tartu Circuit Court suspended the factory building permit and Prime Minister Kaja Kallas suspended that Eesti Energia had a clear message: the end of the litigation had to be brake.
In November, however, Eesti Energia pressed the gas and started construction.
Legally, Eesti Energia has the right to start building the factory, as in early June the Tartu Circuit Court overturned the construction ban on the oil plant.
However, the company took a business risk to the factory's cornerstone, as the dispute over the legality of the building permit is still in progress.
“If the factory buildings and facilities have been erected at the end of the litigation, but the complaint is upheld and the building permit is repealed, the further course of the affairs depends on the grounds of the courts.
It is quite possible that the buildings turn out to be illegal, and in theory there is a possibility that they need to be demolished, ”explained Kärt Vaarmari, a lawyer at the Center for Environmental Law.
The only Australian in Läänemaa teaches Estonians to eat lawn
Matthew Hill, who moved from Australia to Estonia, and his wife Piret, established an organic planting at Jaak Farm in Lääne County.
The family is raising dozens of shoots throughout the year and received the title of Best Organic Manufacturer.
See what else in the fresh issue of Maaleht!
Matthew Hill, who moved from Australia to Estonia, and his wife Piret established an organic shooting in Läänemaa.
However, on his vegetable beds, the host has a spade of soil tillage, or sustainable agriculture, which is already very popular in the rest of the world: the beds are not excavated, only it is easily encouraged.
The new ideas and techniques of the Hillide family have attracted attention, so they received the title of Best Organic Manufacturer this year.
German scientists teach cattle to use the toilet.
Results can change the world
A little beef in Germany has learned an impressive custom.
They use an artificial grass -covered area as a toilet.
But why is this training necessary?
About 10% of human activities from greenhouse gas emissions are from cattle worldwide worldwide.
German scientists are trying to develop an incredible solution to make cattle growing more environmentally friendly.
Prosecutor of the woman who died the woman's case: she regretted her act and voluntarily sought help
On Wednesday, we wrote about a case in which Kiur, who had abused a woman and caused her negligence, was sentenced to two years' imprisonment with a three -year and three -month probationary period.
This means that behind the bars, the man had to spend only two days as of now.
District Attorney Kelly Kruusimägi said such a punishment is justified because Kiur regretted the act and voluntarily sought help from his problems.
We publish a comment by the prosecutor.
"With the evidence gathered by pre -trial investigation, Kiur found a woman once in the face and the victim's death came about two days later.
The evidence confirms that immediately after the stroke and the next two days, the woman interacted with Kiur.
The next day, the woman left the apartment, moved around, and according to Kiuri, she did not realize that she might have a health damage that could be dangerous and need medical intervention.
When evaluating the whole event, this is vital because, as an alcohol abuser, a woman could also move with certain coordination disorders.
Also, the victim was not bloody after the stroke and did not complain about anything unusual.
Thus, we did not identify the intention of killing and the evidence did not refer to the desire to cause life -threatening health damage.
Kiur has no existing criminal penalties.
He confessed to hit the victim and regretted his act and that he did not understand the need to call an ambulance.
He voluntarily sought help from his alcohol problem and was at work.
Given all these circumstances, but above all the specific act and the man's earlier behavior, the prosecutor's office was sentenced to two years' imprisonment, which would not be enforced, unless Kiur commits a new crime during the three -year and three -month probationary period.
The probationary period is the period when a person has to prove that he or she will live in a law -abiding, which is one of the goals of the punishment.
All parties, including the mother of the victim, who also said in his testimony, agreed with such a solution, that he did not think Kiur wanted the woman's death. "
Day in traffic: Three vehicles participated in the accident in downtown Tallinn
In the center of Tallinn, three cars were involved in the accident yesterday morning, one standing by the street.
At 9:53 am, a traffic accident occurred at the intersection of Bronksi Street in Tallinn and Gonsiori Street, where, according to preliminary information, a 38-year-old man drove an Audi R8 car and collided with Audi Q7 car driven by a 44-year-old woman.
As a result of the collision, the Ford Tourneo passenger car against the Audi R8 was fired.
The driver of the Audi Q7 was taken to East Tallinn Central Hospital.
The exact circumstances of the accident are under explanation.
At 3:20 p.m.
The driver took the pedestrian to Võru Hospital for inspection.
During the previous 24 hours, one of the drivers of a motor vehicle with alcohol and alcohol was caught.
The administrative area of the South Prefecture was stolen in 2004 with a 789bsn number of Volvo V40.
Ülo Kalm: A new powerful hospital was allowed in the elections.
Money comes from Brussels, but where do employees and equipment come from?
How can a mayor whose father Ülo and his mother Liidia can manage a multi -ethnic city?
Sadly, the faith of former mayor Savisaar was that trust was eternal and he again nominated as a candidate for the ambassador.
The star was gone.
As trust is already more important than language and nationality, the election result in Narva shows.
Doctors have to fight the salt -blowers who offer opinions instead of facts.
In addition, gentlemen who do not trust our hospital system have also appeared in the Ramp light (more specifically the leaf columns).
I just read a citizen of a citizen of survival in Perh.
Alo Raun: Congratulations, the law of cohabitation supports 55%!
55%-Today, according to opinion polls, the Cohabitation Act has the support of the absolute majority when looking at 18-year-olds and older Estonian citizens who have a position on this issue.
Perhaps people who can also choose the Riigikogu and participate in a referendum.
This is how the September and October polls commissioned by Norstat and the Liberal Citizen.
According to the same survey, such a trend has been going on for a long time.
So when we talk about what the "people want", it is no longer correct to say that we/they were against the law on cohabitation.
In Botswana, a new and "truly terrible" variant of coronaic was identified on B.1.1.529
In Botswana, a new variant of a coronavirus variant of as many as 32 spots has been identified on B.1.1.529 and it is not yet known whether people have existing antibodies to react effectively.
So far, only a handful of infections have been registered as a result of sequencing - three in Botswana, six in South Africa and one in Hong Kong.
Thus, scientists hope that COVID cases caused by a new virus variant are not widespread, I will write Sky News.
Tom Peacock, a virologist at London Imperial College, mentioned the abundance of mutations discovered in the variant "truly terrible":
Og proteins are the ones used by viruses to enter human cells, and the principle of most vaccines is to train and neutralize the human body.
Therefore, mutations of spawning protein may be problematic for mRNA vaccines.
Professor Francois Balloux, a professor at the University of London, said the new option should be closely monitored and analyzed.
"But there is no reason to worry, unless its incidence increases in the near future," he said.
The professor added that the abundance of mutations on B.1.1.529 may be due to the fact that it "developed immunodeficiency during a chronic human illness, perhaps untreated in HIV / AIDS patient".
The first cases of infection with this variant were found in Botswana on November 11 and three days later in South Africa.
A 36-year-old man was found in Hong Kong, who had a negative PCR test before flying from Hong Kong to South Africa, where he was from October 22 to November 11.
He gave a negative test when he returned to Hong Kong, but on November 13th the test result was already positive.
The Guardian writes that some Virologists in South Africa are already worried, especially given the recent increase in the number of cases in Gauteng, where cases have been discovered on B.1.1.529.
Treatment with the clinical microbiology professor of Cambridge University, Gupta told the publication that his laboratory found that two mutations in B.1.1.529 increased the infectancy of the virus and reduced the anti -virus recognition.
European Commission: Vaccination certificates apply for 9 months, for an indefinite period of time to travel
The European Commission has recently proposed to the Member States to establish deadlines for the validity of vaccination certificates to passengers between the European Union countries.
The proposal is that the standard term of the vaccination certificate issued after the primary vaccination cycle should be at least 9 months.
This means that Member States should not refuse to recognize the vaccination certificate in the inspection of passengers, which confirms that less than 9 months have passed since the last dose of primary vaccination.
As far as the development doses are concerned, according to the Commission's proposal, the 9-month expiry date should not be applied to the evidence issued after the development dose.
This means that, at least for the time being, the evidence obtained after the development dose should apply to an indefinite period.
“It is possible that after the development dose, the protection will last longer than after the initial vaccination, which is why the Commission closely monitors new scientific data on this issue.
Based on this, the Commission may later propose that the appropriate validity of the vaccination certificates have been issued after the enhancement dose, "the Commission noted.
The Commission will propose to begin the application from January 10, 2022 to give the new order to implement the new regime.
The Commission's Justice Commissioner Didier Reynders noted at today's press conference that only vaccines approved by the European Medicines Agency are accepted, and thus, for example, the evidence issued in Hungary, where people have been administered to Russian Sputnik or Chinese vaccines.
To date, more than 650 million vaccinations have been issued in the EU.
The Commission also found that a person with a valid EU digital COVID certificate should not apply to the general rule of testing, quarantine or other additional restrictions.
People who do not have an EU digital COVI certificate could be allowed to travel before or after a test.
The EU traffic light is updated as follows: The new case indicator will be viewed with the level of vaccination in the area.
In the case of passengers from green areas, no restrictions should be applied.
On the other hand, in the case of dark red areas, the large number of infected people should be advised to refrain from traveling in one direction and another, and from passengers who are not vaccinated or suffered from the disease should require testing and quarantine.
Exceptions should be applied to cross-border pendulum migrants, children under the age of 12 and people with inevitable travel needs.
According to the Commission, the list of people with an inevitable travel need should be restricted, as many of the current passengers currently listed have had the opportunity to vaccinate themselves.
Chinese company: The Riigikogu adopted a law on discriminatory and competition
The Chinese technology company Huawei does not make it a secret that it does not like the Electronic Communications Act passed by the Riigikogu yesterday - leaving the executive opportunity to discriminate against entrepreneurs from the purely its headquarters.
"Based on the law, it can be assumed that obtaining a permit for use in the European Union, NATO or OECD external state manufacturer hardware and software may be significantly more complex than the manufacturer, whose headquarters are in the Member State of the above organizations," said Ben Chang Bin, Head of Huawei Technologies Estonia.
According to Huawei's statement, the assumption of the hardware and software manufacturer used in the communications network is not justified to a particular state, as all large companies operate internationally and their supply chains are similar to each other.
According to the company, the security of technology can also be ensured by "transparent and proportionate measures, avoiding unjustified discrimination and competition without damaging the market participants".
Pursuant to the new version of the Electronic Communications Act, the Building Code and the State Fees Act Act, the Government has the right to establish an obligation for the communications operator to apply for permission to use the communications network to ensure national security.
This permit also passes through security agencies.
The ban will be banned in hardware and software cases, which are so long that there is probably no country or a manufacturer worldwide that can meet the requirements set by Estonia.
For example, it is sufficient that the company has delivery difficulties, a cyber attack on its mother -in -law, or some products have security weaknesses.
The manufacturer's location or headquarters is a country that is not a member of the European Union, NATO or OECD.
In the country of residence of the manufacturer, the principles of democratic rule of law are not respected or human rights are not respected.
The intellectual property, personal data or business secret of other persons in the country of residence of the manufacturer's
The manufacturer of the country of residence behaves aggressively in cyberspace.
The Member States of the EU, NATO or OECD have attributed to the manufacturer's country of residence.
The manufacturer shall be subject to an independent judicial inspection of the state or other foreign government or public authority.
The country of residence of the manufacturer or other foreign country may oblige him to act in a way that threatens the security of the state of Estonia.
The economic activity of the manufacturer is not based on market -based competition or that there are no sufficient conditions in the country of residence.
The manufacturer's ownership, organizational structure or management structure is not transparent.
The manufacturer's funding is not transparent.
Manufacturer's products or services contain security weaknesses and sufficient security measures have not been applied to eliminate them.
The manufacturer is not consistently able to ensure supplies of products or services, except due to force majeure.
After the decision of the Riigikogu, Estonia can now finally announce a 5G auction to telecom companies.
Estonia is the last place in the introduction of 5G in the European Union.
Mihkel Raud from corona diings in social media: it's like 15 minutes of celebrity that makes it easy to lam from others
"Life is what comes when you have other plans," said one wise man once.
This man was probably John Lennon.
Although we tend to attribute the brilliant quotes to the people who we like the most, so it may happen that instead of Lennon, these wise words were spoken by someone else.
But the core of the sentence, of course, changes that.
I had beautiful plans.
I had to take Singer Vinger in Sindi, then take the bus back to Tallinn, and the next day, "Estonia is looking for a superstar" final show - just as I had been countless, traveling and participating in a dozen years.
But life came out of my plans.
"I don't feel very well, maybe we drive straight to the city?"I tried to give up Singer Vinger's companions from another forest stop.
We had already made three of them.
The bus turned under the forest, the men made smoke outside and I felt the fever rising every second.
And if you now think you've stumbled on another Covidi-Itku, you are only right.
The family doctor warns: The flu is on the move!
It is a serious illness, it is not just a cold and cough.
How to protect yourself?
Much is said about coronavirus, its prevention and treatment.
Next to this, one tends to forget that there are many different respiratory viruses on the move in the autumn-winter season, and the flu has already reached Estonia, so it is high time to protect itself from the virus, says Triinu-Mari Ots, Head of the Laagri Family Practice Center and family doctor, advice to recognize the fluAnd for prevention.
A typical Estonian autumn-winter cough-deaf-throat season has begun, with acute viral infections of the upper respiratory tract caused by various viruses on the move.
“The most common causes are rhinovirus, RS virus, adenovirus and parainfluenza.
The general name of these diseases is acute respiratory viral infections and are treated with a specific symptom, be it cough, sore throat, runny nose or headache, ”says Triinu-Mari Ots.
The exception is the influenza virus, which is very specific and can be determined by symptoms in the early days of the disease.
"In this case, analyzes are also taken to provide a laboratory confirmation of the presence of influenza virus," says the family doctor.
This is important for the prescribing and restraining or restricted disease in the workplace, in the gym or school, for example.
“Crescent”: What books to read in the autumn corona crisis
Does time be more at home will bring reading growth?!
It is hard to say that this quantity is not, in the end, knows how important.
What can we find in bookstores?
Of course, the charts are led by biographies and cookbooks, but fortunately there is more.
Journalist Andres Raid and lawyer and clergyman Igor Gräzin talk about books around us and within their fingertips.
Righteous green coup or just stupid cube: toilets and trash cans disappear from the state roads
Another example of a savings comes from the transport office, which is crossed by the green thinking we are so widely introduced.
As the Transport Agency has to cut operating costs over EUR 3.5 million next year, removal of toilets and trash cans from parking lots was found as one of the savings.
The decision was made on the basis of the least suffering from road safety when cutting these costs, Raido Randmaa, director of the Transport Agency Infrastructure Management Service, explained to the ERR.
There are 61 parking lots all over Estonia, 63 garbage containers in Estonia.
The Agency costs € 472,000 per year for toilets and € 267,000 for trash cans.
According to Randmaa, this decision has already been made in the transport office, but since the budget of the Agency has not yet been finally approved, this decision does not sign.
"Well, come to the rescue-I can't shut up as the leader of the former Circle K and today Ragn-Sells," comments Kai Realo, a top manager in social media.
“If Circle k wanted to build service stations along the new highways where both trash cans and toilets are known to have the greatest trouble to get locations where the then Road Administration would have given normal and outfits, because" Estonia is so small that people can drive all the timeFrom the edge to the edge and he does not need to refuel, eat or go to the toilet. ”
Realo adds that this attitude was then loud at that time, but the present decision was even frantic: "You can imagine it" the land of the glowing men "and those garbage piles on the forest water?"
Estonian "openness" is also exploited by Latin American prostitutes and illegals
"Openness" has also made the center of attraction to the representatives of the center of Estonia.
BNS writes: On Wednesday, the police sent a Brazilian woman who worked as a prostitute in the capital on Wednesday.
According to the Northern Prefecture of the Police and Border Guard Board, on Wednesday, November 24, a 29-year-old woman's visa for a 29-year-old woman in Estonia was terminated as she provided sexual services in Tallinn for money.
The woman was prepared for leaving Estonia and a ban on entering the Schengen territory for one year.
This is not the first time.
In July this year, police sent a woman with a Columbia citizenship who worked as a prostitute in Estonia.
At that time, the Northern Prefecture conducted the illegal procedure from a Colombian citizen born in 1988 to a woman who came to Estonia with the aim of providing intimate services.
The woman was prepared for leaving the country and was assigned a ban on entry for three years.
In December 2019, the portal wrote New News: “Police expelled a man with a Brazilian citizen who worked as a prostitute in Tallinn.
On Thursday, the Northern Border and Migration Surveillance Unit was conducted by an illegal procedure for a Brazilian citizen born in 1998, the Northern Prefecture reported.
The man did not want to work with the police officers and had also provided sexual services for money in Tallinn.
The man's travel goal did not meet the actual goal.
Police ended the man's visa -free stay early, a precept to leave Estonia and a ban on entry for three years. ”
Latin Americans have been found in Estonia when they come here.
In August this year, Delfi Business Page wrote: “4.On the evening of August, a Toyota Yaris passenger car, driven by a Brazilian citizen born in 1993, was inspected in Tallinn.
The woman turned out to be an unauthorized food courier who is deported from Estonia.
There was a courier company food bag in the vehicle and the woman's phone showed that she had completed the last order less than 10 minutes ago.
The person had not been registered in the PPA short-term work.
The woman's visa was repealed and her visa -free stay in Estonia was shortened once.
The woman was prepared to leave Estonia within 15 days and was granted a ban on entry for 3 months. ”
Twenty -seven migrants killed in the English channel were immediately thrown into the propaganda mill
The death of twenty -seven migrants in the Autumn La Manche Strait is undoubtedly a major tragedy, but the liberal West immediately threw it into its propaganda, largely to justify its inaction.
France was the most Phariser, with President Emmanuel Macron warned British Prime Minister Boris Johnson for the political purposes of the migration crisis, referring to the La Manche Strait, who claimed the lives of 27 people.
Before that, however, French President Emmanuel Macron and British Prime Minister Boris Johnson agreed on Wednesday in a telephone conversation to boost action against the death of a dead sea.
"Both leaders were explicit that today's tragic loss of living was sharply reminded that it was important to keep all the options on the table to stop these lethal crossing and break the business model of the criminal gangs behind them," said the British government spokesman.
Britain is a country where these people are aspiring to and France is a transit country from which they all rush through unobstructed and where they live in tent camps, waiting for human traffickers - Paris should have all levers to prevent migrants from using the country as a jumping platform, not to mention blocking the La Manche StraitTo.
The British do not want them, the French do not - what are the obstacles to closing the migration path?
Five people have been arrested in the La Manche Strait, which demanded at least 27 people's lives on Wednesday, French Interior Minister Gerald Darmanin said on Thursday.
According to Lille's prosecutor, 17 men, seven women and three minors died in a boat drowned near the northern coast of France on Wednesday.
The four suspects in human smuggling were arrested on Wednesday afternoon, Darmanin explained.
The French authorities did not save the words to express their alleged weakness, whereas human traffickers would not be able to act as a state support - and this support must be both Manche's migration path (which could be closed) and human trafficking is a favorable soil by allowing mass migration as a national policyTo.
President Emmanuel Macron said Wednesday night that France would not let the La Manche Strait become a "cemetery" and promised that the authorities would find those responsible for this tragedy.
French prosecutors initiated a murder investigation.
The President does not consider himself the culprit, although it is during his rule that France has flowed full of migrants.
French Interior Minister Gerald Darman called for a "harsh international response".
He said that four people suspected of being directly involved in what happened have been arrested.
"The criminal nature of the smugglers organizing these crossings cannot be sufficiently condemned," he added.
"This disaster is a tragedy," Prime Minister Jean Castex whispered.
"My thoughts are with the missing and the victims who fell victim to the criminals of abusive criminals."
The Pharislate stories of French authorities do not prevent human trafficking and drowning deaths.
Among the most backed mileage cars, German elite brands are driven by
Running the mileage is one of the most common scams in the car market.
In this way, the price of the vehicle used with dishonest techniques is increased and the value of the car is impaired.
A recent Carvertical study found that buyers of German elite brands are at the greatest risk of purchasing a modified odometer with a car.
Top 10 The most frequently backed mileage model: BMW M5 is on the list first
To determine the most backed mileage, the IT company Carvertical analyzed more than 700,000 used car history reports created between November 2020 and November 2021.
18 different markets were studied, including Poland, Romania, Hungary, France, Slovenia, Slovakia, Czech Republic, Lithuania, Latvia, Estonia, Ukraine, Bulgaria, Serbia, Germany, Croatia, Russia, the United States and Italy.
The passage data show that the BMW M5 is the most modified car with a odometer reading;More than a third of the vehicles used were related to possible fraud.
This stand-alone statistical reading does not reflect the extent of the BMW's odometer re-re-re-re-re-re snippetry problem-such as carvertical car expert Matas Buzelis recently noted, then the whole list is dominated by BMW Different models:
“Half of the top 10 list is occupied by cars of its manufacturer.
The indicator is used in the correlation with the demand of BMW in different markets.
It also reveals that more expensive cars may be more likely to be changed with a transit reader and that this fact must be taken into account when searching for a used vehicle.
This is where the car's mileage is used to control the berry. ”
In the second and third place in the carcassboard with a passed mileage, the BMW 7 Series and Subaru Outback are 33.4 and 31.8 %, respectively.
The Audi A8 was a fifth car with a frequency of mileage, as its more athletic brother A7 achieved tenth place, with just over a quarter (25.8 percent) of such vehicles artificially reduced by mileage.
Matas Buzelis explains that the more frequent representation of higher -class vehicles in the list of modified vehicles with amended Odometer readings is primarily due to the higher possible intermediate rate on the sale of such used cars.
Returning the odometer is a relatively inexpensive and simple method that gives dishonest car dealers the opportunity to earn extra.
The most commonly backed car with the most often re-passage can be found in the whole study.
Most Returned Milk Motellers by Year of Production: The risk of fraud at older cars is greater
Studies show that it is important to check the passage of the car when buying a used car, especially for older vehicles.
The most popular models with modified odometer read were produced between 2006 and 2016.
However, Autokspert Matas Buzel emphasizes that there is a connection between the possibility of fraud and the price range of the car:
“The list of cars with most frequently re -accessed mileage consists mainly of elite -class vehicles, but there are also models of folk car, although their share is smaller than the total number of cars.
Subaru, Ford and Volkswagen cars belong to the same age group as higher class vehicles.
It seems that the passages of 5 to 15 -year -old cars are most likely to be rewinded.
Agricultural Chamber: The Green Turn cannot be a victim of production
The Chamber of Agriculture and Commerce considers that, for climate neutrality, businesses, consumers and the state need to make efforts, but at the same time the achievement of green turn goals cannot be achieved by local production and reducing the number of animals.
Changes involved in the green turn must also be economically feasible for companies, which must be made for businesses, consumers and the state together.
The Chamber of Agriculture considers it important that before making decisions, there is an understanding of the combined effect of the climate package and the EU green agreement strategies for Estonian agricultural and food production.
The real environmental impact of the Estonian agricultural sector is needed to get an overview of the basic assessment of the location and method of management.
Also, the achievement of green turn goals cannot be done by local production and reducing the number of animals.
The Chamber of Agriculture and Commerce supports the direction taken by the European Commission by 2050 to achieve climate-neutrality, although it will be a major challenge for our agricultural, food, forestry and rural economy sectors.
However, each challenge also involves the possibilities that need to be skilfully exploited are found in an opinion sent to the Ministry of Agriculture and Commerce in an opinion on the European Commission Climate Package "Objective 55", according to BNS.
The Chamber of Agriculture and Commerce, who was led last year by his leader Roomet Room, the initiator of the Ukrainian imports, is trying to make the eye for both green and farmers-while the desires of farmers and climate hysterics are so different that they are difficult to reconcile.
In addition to the future of farmers, all kinds of ideological associations and pressure groups, such as animal and environmentalists, vegans and others whose activities are aimed at restricting and terminating animal keeping.
Migration pressure is intensified: Finnish entrepreneurs have also been complained of and threatened with tax increases
It is sad when Finns have been put to the megaphone of the Reform Party immigration plans, who complain that there is a lack of labor in Estonia, while Estonians work at the northern neighbors - they will then bring Estonians back home, to Finnish companies here.
However, the media screams every day about labor shortages, which is probably a new propaganda campaign to practice people with immigration.
This is how BNS writes: At a meeting of the Finnish-Estonian Chamber of Commerce on Tuesday, foreign companies operating in Estonia saw labor shortage as the biggest disadvantage of the Estonian economic environment.
"Estonian and Finnish companies have a common problem where there is an increasing lack of skilled labor in a country with an aging population," said Andres Sutt, Minister of Enterprise and Information Technology, who participated in the meeting in a press release.
"At the same time, we see a similar solution on both sides of the shore that recruitment of skilled skills from abroad sharing values with us is the only solution to resolve the growing skilled labor crisis in the short term," he added.
Andres Sutt could look more closely towards Finland - they solve labor problems with the help of Somalis and other "craftsmen" - and to say whether the Reform Party sees the way out.
The minister does not want to take up the topic that the story "Estonian and Finnish companies have a common problem" is also behind the Estonians emigrated during the previous reign of the squirrel.
This story is illustrated by the threat: "According to the Ministry of Economic Affairs and Communications (MKM), there will be fewer people in Estonia in five years in five years and the alternative to raising the state's revenue base would be tax increases."
Perhaps it is intimidated that if strangers are not accepted, taxes will increase and there will be no pension.
"Forgot", however, that migrant workers are killing the salaries of Estonian people.
In the meantime, such threats had subsided, but only a few years ago it was written about how tens of thousands of workers were missing in construction, agriculture and elsewhere in 2040.
Paul Oja: Greyest visions of the future in Tom Clancy scream novels also talked about pandemic
In the 1960s, Soviet science fiction gradually began to break out of purely technical details of carving or fighting pests.
On the one hand, bright visions of humanity's happy communist future began to be constructed (Ivan Jefremov's "Andromeda Collection" 1957, Arkadi and Boris Strugatski's "Nine" 1962), on the other hand, dystopias, or dystopias from Western Capitalism, were condemned.
Most of the time they were still breathed: "In 2000…!"
What is everything and what comes ... As we know, the Soviet communism, along with its bright vision of the future, disappeared into the black hole of history before that magical year.
However, the sharp -glow Western writers still provide thought with their creations.
Tom Clancy, a skillful and fertile cultivator of technical screaming literature, kept a sharp look at the events of the world.
In 1975, the Soviet missile carrier tried to escape to Sweden from the port of Riga, but was forced to stop 50 miles before Swedish territorial water.
In 1984, Clancy's excitement "Red October" appeared, which could have become the initial pulse from the event, and became a global bestseller.
"Invisible Enemy" (Patriot Games, 1987) talks about the terrorist activities of the Irish Liberation Army.
The Kremlin Cardinal (The Cardinal of the Cremlin, 1988) illuminates Reagan in the background of the strategic defense initiative in the US and the Soviet Union Weapon Run in Space, as a sedimentary lines of the Soviet Union N. The Union's hopelessly running war in Afghanistan.
"Real Emergency" (Clear and Present Danger, 1989) describes the war against drug barns in Colombian forests and in Washington Cabinets, "The sum of all fears" (The Sum of All Fears, 1991) explores what would happen if the Middle East terrorists could possess nuclear chargeTo.
Little by little, however, Tom Clancy and the material he was in hand began to change.
The attentive monitoring of world development trends made it possible to predict some of the events - unfortunately in the form of black scenarios, which sadly tend to become a reality of the thrill.
At the end of the novel Debt of Honor ("Award"), a white house with a large passenger aircraft is raming the terrorist just when the congress session is held with the president's attendance.
The novel was published in 1994;We know well what happened on September 9, 2001.
All the threatening visions painted in Clancy have not come true.
No great war between China and Russia, described in the 2000 novel The Bear and the Dragon ("Bear and Dragon").
More?
Contrary to the opinion of Francis Fukuyama and the Prophet Priskilla perestroika era, history has not yet ended…
In the novel Executive Orders, 1996, an attack against the US is performed with a bacterial weapon, trying to collapse the country with an epidemic.
Thanks to the overall vaccination, the epidemic quickly disappears.
In the novel, it is much easier to figure out a truly functioning vaccine than in reality.
Rainbow Six in the novel, 1998, is much more serious.
A cutting -edge scientist, while the leader of one of the world's largest pharmaceutical groups, has brought together a group of poisonous like -minded people who have committed to the destruction of most of the world's population during the pandemic - to save the planet for human activities.
Ebola is based on a guaranteed killing virus.
At the same time, two vaccines are created.
Vaccine A really provides protection against the disease.
It is injected before the virus begins to spread to like -minded people and otherwise reliable or necessary people.
However, the vaccine B is designed to generally launch it on the market soon after the pandemic broke out.
He seems to give any protection, but in fact, the disease is meant to be further distributed to be sure to get close to the original goals.
The virus is planned to be distributed through the Australian Olympic Games stadium through the humidifying system.
The brave fighters against terrorism from the group Rainbow, with the help of a former KGB officer, get a hand at the last minute, mankind escapes from evil background and life continues as before.
Three very good Sony TVs now available for a very good price by "black sales"
Sony TVs are not just for watching TV channels, but with many extra apps, they can be used for any other kind of entertainment, starting with YouTube and Netflix to special sports broadcasts, games and even social media, as they have Google TV.
Now, with "black sales", some very good screens get even better.
Discounts reach up to a thousand euros.
There are three decent offers here that you will certainly find the right for your needs.
All "Black Sale" cheap TVs can be found on the Sony Center campaign page.
Both Dolby Vision and Dolby atmos make a good movie night TV on this model.
Both the sound and the picture are of a quality close to the cinema, plus a 4K resolution and HDR a good contrast image.
However, the 4K X-Reality Pro is necessary when you watch TV shows or videos that are not in the 4K screen.
Namely, Sony's pilot repair technology adjusts the image quality to be as close as possible to 4K.
Apple Airplay, Apple Homekit and Chromecast support can be connected to the smart TV with other home devices without wiring, streaming the contents over the network.
This model is currently available at 150 euros, or 19% less.
Step towards sustainability: Seat connects the Spanish and Portuguese factories to the train path to reduce CO2 emissions
Spanish car manufacturer Seat has set a goal to become a carbon -neutral company by 2050.
To achieve this, Seat launched an environmental program "Move to Zerø" to reduce CO2 emissions throughout the life cycle of products, services and mobility solutions.
Now, however, Seat plans to set up another step further in the "Move to Zerø" strategy with a new railway service that connects the Martorelli (Spain) factory to Volkswagen Autoeuropa factory in Palmela (Portugal).
Until now, Martorell's vehicles were transported by train to Salobral (Madrid) and transported from there to various representations by truck.
With the new line, the vehicles reach the Palmela factory directly from where they will be transported by a truck to the Azambuja distribution depot, 75 kilometers from 75 kilometers away.
Currently, the service will work twice a week and are expected to carry over 20,000 vehicles a year.
As a result, 2,400 trucks are avoided per year and CO2 emissions are reduced by as much as 43%.
The new train traffic, operated by Pecovasa Renfe Mercancías, consists of 16 wagons.
It has a maximum length of 500 meters and allows to transport up to 184 vehicles per trip.
From 2023, 18 wagons will be introduced to transport nearly 200 vehicles at a time.
By 2024, hybrid locomotives will move on the rails, allowing 100% electricity on the route.
Green Fire of the European Medicines Agency: Pfizer corona vaccine is suitable for children aged 5-11
On Thursday, the European Medicines Agency recommended that the Pfizer/Biontech coronate vaccine Comiraty permit for children aged 5-11.
Until now, the vaccine was allowed for 12 -year -olds and older.
The dose of Pfizer corona vaccine for children aged 5-11 is three times lower than the usual dose (10 µg compared to 30 µg).
As in the older age group, the vaccine course for children is done in two injections with three weeks apart.
A clinical study with 2000 children showed that 5-11 year olds received three times less immune responses to the same amount of immune responses as older age groups with full dose.
The side effects were similar to the older age group and were mild or moderate and retreated within a few days.
As a result, the European Medicines Agency concluded that the benefits of the vaccine in children aged 5-11 years of age exceed the risks.
The Agency is now a recommendation to the European Commission, which makes the final decision on the use of the vaccine.
Marje Oona, a member of the National Immunoprophylaxis Committee, told the ERR that the Commission will probably make a decision on this issue next week.
“As the European Medicines Agency's (mother) approval is there, we know that the approval of the American Food and Drug Administration (FDA) has been in place for some time.
The United States Immunization Committee has already made this recommendation quite a bit ago and has already been vaccinated in the United States, so I don't really see it very reason to be given.
But we haven't discussed it yet, ”commented Dr Oona.
