Chief Justice: Government general orders cannot be so extensive Government general orders, which have imposed different restrictions and rules during the coronavirus pandemic, should be of a more limited scope, said Supreme Court Justice Ivo Pilving. "We have referred to one border, and the Tallinn Circuit Court has already referred to it, that the general orders of governments - by which all corona passport requirements have been established today - that their limit must end once. Because the nature of a general organisation is also that its legal scope must still be limited in some way. He can't be as universally valid as one law. And if he is not otherwise restricted, as for example for a certain group of persons or something like that, then he must be limited in time,' Pilving, the President of the Administrative Law Chamber of the Supreme Court, told a press conference on Thursday. "You cannot take a position now on whether this time has already passed or will pass tomorrow or the day after tomorrow - this is what these disputes are already in the courts for, and although this truth will be revealed there. But there is also a limit to the use of this instrument by the government, and here the criticisms of the complainants are also, to a certain extent, correct, that the legislature cannot actually distance itself from these issues, " continued Pilving The general order of the Government is a special type of administrative act by which the restrictions imposed can only be contested in court by each person individually and the corresponding court judgment does not extend to all the objects of the restriction, but only to the person who contested it. The widespread use of general orders has been criticised by former Chancellor of Justice Allar Jõks. At the same time, the Supreme Court stressed that the dispute in respect of which the Supreme Court made its judgment public on Thursday was different. "This is about one - very special, but still one institution, the Defence Forces - and there are a bit looser national frameworks here, because it is not about each one. This concerns Estonian men and women working in the Defence Forces, and the head of the relevant authority may, according to today's understanding, impose requirements on the basis of the Occupational Health and Safety Act," Pilving said. He explained that the current case-law of the Supreme Court suggests that the more extensive, deeper, more intense some kind of restriction or obligation, the more work the Parliament has to do with it. "Until the fact that some of the obligations are such that they have to be definitively regulated by law," noted the Chief Justice. "But on the other hand, the issue of vaccination and the pandemic, which is going on in waves and where a quick response is needed, it again speaks in favour of the decision-making power of the executive and the decision-making power of the government. And even if we are talking about the authorities and the requirements of the [relationship] of the people working in them, according to the understanding of the Supreme Court today, there is also room for the directives of the heads of these agencies, if the circumstances exist," he added.
French fishermen block traffic in the Channel to claim fishing rights French fishermen will block ferry traffic in three Channel ports and freight traffic in a tunnel between France and Britain on Friday to demand post-Brexit fishing rights, the union has announced. Gerard Romiti, chairman of the French National Fisheries Committee (CNPMEM), described the protest as a warning shot and said traffic would be blocked in the ports of Saint-Malo, Ouistreham and Calais and in the Eurotunnel for several hours. The months-long dispute between Britain and France over fishing permits remains unresolved and threatens to escalate into a full-blown trade war. "We don't want donations, we just want our permits back. The United Kingdom must abide by the post-Brexit agreement," Romiti said. "We've been holding our breath for 11 months. There are limits to the suffering of professionals. We hope that this warning shot will be heard," he said, without ruling out further action. France has threatened to ban British fishing vessels from unloading their catches in French ports and to impose stricter controls on all British imports. According to President Emmanuel Macron, such measures are expected to provide an opportunity for negotiations, but French officials insist that all options are still on the table. The negotiations between the French Minister for European Affairs, Clement Beaune, and the British Minister for Brexit, David Frost, have so far failed to bear fruit. Under last year's agreement between the United Kingdom and the European Union, European fishing vessels can continue fishing in British waters if they can prove that they have done so before. According to Paris, the applications of several dozen French vessels have been unduly rejected. London denies it.
Basketball team lost to Germany in halftime by four points The Estonian men's basketball team will start the 2023 World Cup series by facing Germany abroad. The ERR sports portal mediates the meeting starting at 20 in a live blog. The Russian bounces long and looks for a place, finally earns a foul from Benzing. It's a fourth for the experienced German, but four minutes before the end of the match, both teams are now full of errors. Heckmann misses both free throws. 4.20 left, Germany leading 61:58, but Jurkatamm makes a foul on Heckmann. Veideman breaks very well and Estonia finally earns two points from the playing situation. Veideman doesn't hit a long-range throw, but Sengfelder also can't get in from under the basket and then makes a mistake for Nurger. Jurkatamm comes along perfectly in defence and the ball stays for Estonia. Doreth doesn't hit from distance, but Treier makes his fourth foul in the table fight. One of the two, 5.50 before the end of the match, ahead of Germany 61:56.
Vambola SpongeBob <unk> Introduce a maximum price for petrol, like Hungary A month ago, I got to listen to the radio show "Studio is the Prime Minister." When a reporter asked Kaja Kallas how much a fuel litre would cost at the filling stations, silence followed. The Prime Minister said, "I don't know." At a time when energy carriers are rising in the world, know the head of government how much something costs! So he's got strangers and bad advisers. On the other hand, Hungarian Prime Minister Viktor Orban knows, and very well. Hungary fixed national fuel prices for three months. They must not be more than 500 forints or 1.42 euros per litre at filling stations. Currently, the fixed price for three months is 480 forints, i.e. 1.37 euros per litre. Prices are reviewed every three months. The cap was driven by accelerated inflation and is the highest in nine years - 6.5 percent. According to the decision, gas station chains can sell cheaper, but not more expensive.
CHINA MEDICINE RECOMMENDS: This plant should now be in every home! In autumn, when it is dreary and humid outdoors, it is necessary to strengthen and warm the body. For this purpose, several medicinal plants are suitable, which keep warm inside, but do not allow excessive heat to occur. It is very convenient to put both plants and hot water in the thermos, take it to work or take it to school and drink tea that supports the body during the day, the Health Alchemy blog suggests. When the tea runs out, boiling water can be added to the plants several times.
TALLINN DISTANT STUDY WAS DEFINITIVE! The rapid testing of schools gave an equally good result! The four-week distance learning of the 4th-8th grade of Tallinn schools did not give the city an advantage in combating the corona, because rapid tests achieved the same result in areas with open schools, dry figures confirm. For a shorter time, distance learning also took place in Pärnu and partly in Narva, but in Tallinn it started immediately after the school holidays and stretches to four weeks in total. The researchers analysing corona have now developed an excellent reference base for Tallinn versus the rest of Estonia. After future state examinations, for example, it can be seen whether four weeks of absence from school also means poorer results compared to the rest of the country. At the moment, however, the most important question is whether Tallinn's decision to shift municipal schools to long distance learning gave the city greater success in the fight against coronavirus. After all, a rubbing occurred between Toompea and the suburb due to the actions of Mayor Mikhail Külvart.
ANU SETTING AUSAL LIVE: objectivity and courage to be straight-backed and not to underestimate yourself or others are important From her childhood home, Anu has come to know that no matter what is, she has to cope. "I come from a big family. In our family, my mother practically took care of five children alone, and we could not make any demands. I had to grow up quickly to realize my interests somehow." Curiosity has been a driving force of Anu Sääritsa (49) familiar with sports news and broadcasts since childhood. "Very early on I looked to see, there's an interesting thing going on in Tallinn! I decided by voice to drive to Tartu, check it out, and only when I got back to the family to tell me that I was going,' a woman smiles at her then-decisiveness, which repeatedly moved her further.
Mart Seim: I've competed at the Rio Olympics as the only one of the ultra-heavyweight weightlifters who hasn't been caught with banned substances Estonia's most successful weightlifter Mart Seim and his professional brother Leho Pent are preparing for the World Cup starting in two weeks. If their favourite fish still remains on the Olympic agenda, both will want to compete until at least the 2024 Paris Games. This summer's Tokyo Olympic event was marked by the coronavirus, which had been affected in the spring, which chained both Mardi and Leho to the disease bed and did not allow him to regain his athletic form for the EM.
Reader's magazine <unk> Shout of app: only the flickering feet stood out from the shopping cart A man rescued a child from a shopping trolley in the store. Is the child's place in the shopping cart at all? "I was on my weekly shopping trip, and I was turning between the cold counters when two flickering feet appeared before my eyes. I didn't understand what was going on at first, but then I realized there was a kid in the shopping cart. I can't say for sure, but probably the toddler tried to climb out of the piles of food in front of her. Or maybe he had fallen awkwardly between the goods, and he was quite bouncy when he set himself up,' Siim describes the sight of the store.
Shop Santa's gift bag with domestic nut producer nuts Candies, different bars and chocolate bars - it seems like the usual choice in Santa's gift bag or an elf's slipper? In reality, they're not healthy at all. Instead, a child or a lovely person could be delighted with something healthy during the Christmas period. Various nuts, almonds and seeds are beneficial for health. Some may frown, saying that there are also many fats in nuts - can they not be equated with candy? No, I'm sure not. If you check the label on the nut packet, you can read that nut fats are almost entirely made up of healthy, unsaturated fatty acids that are very necessary for the body, there are few saturated fatty acids, and trans fats are absent altogether. Fat is beneficial to our body and should not be completely avoided. However, it is important to give preference to unsaturated fatty acids, or good fats, which can be obtained precisely from nuts, seeds and almonds. So Germund Hulgi, the only Estonian nut producer, recommends choosing healthy snacks on Christmas Day. Premium packs of Germund Hulgi's black color are particularly popular, with the largest nuts and dried fruits reaching them. For example, wild nuts come from Georgia, almonds from California, raisins and cranberries from Chile, Indian nuts from Vietnam. Roasting, salting, blending and packaging into delicious blends is carried out in Estonia.
Moderate rise on the Baltic Stock Exchange The Tallinn Stock Exchange has risen 0.19% since 24 November. The share price of Bercman Technologies has suffered a marked fall. On the Baltic First North list, the stock of Bercman Technologies has fallen from 9 euros to 8.6 euros in the last day, a decline of 4.44%. Compared to the fall from 11.4 euros to 9 euros (-21.05%) on 24 November, Bercman's share price is currently stabilising. The stock of ELMO Rent has also gone into decline after good news at the beginning of the week. As of today, the share has fallen to 5.03 euros (-2.9%). On the other hand, Baltic First North has an increase of K2 LT to 31.2 euros (2.63%) and MADARA Cosmetics also made a slight increase of 0.71% to 28.2 euros. In the Baltic main list, the biggest ascendants today are Panevezio statybos trestas to 0.7 euros (5.74%) and SAF Tehnika to 12.5 euros (3.73%). Utenos Trikotaza was the biggest contributor to the Baltic supplementary list at 0.815 euros (3.82%). Today's biggest fallers on the Baltic main list were Griego 0.95 euros (-1.45%) and Ekspress Grupp 1.53 euros (-1.29%). In the additional list, the value of VEF's share dropped significantly to 5.1 euros (-8.93%). Also, the share of Zhemaitijos pienas fell to 1.7 euros (-5.03%).
792 euros just one set! The new gym in Kohtla-Järve is stocked with super expensive clothes for public money In the list of proprietary expenses of the Kohtla-Järve Wiru Sports Centre, which opened this year, the cost of the racks needed in the gym dressing room is particularly striking. The head of the sports centre justifies the super expensive rags by wanting to be the most modern.
"You can't say I'm not a woman." A special sprint girl who passed 100 meters from the flight start in 9.86 seconds The naturally high testosterone Namibian sprinters Christine Mboma and Beatrice Masilingi do not fit within normal limits and raise new questions. During the Tokyo Olympics, Estonians were able to live with Maicel Uibo's wife Shaunae Miller-Uibo when she successfully defended the 400-meter race title. The victory was overwhelming, but in honor of the truth, all potential danger players fell away for one reason or another, and the slender Bahamian woman had to win. In illustration, the road to the gold medal was cleared with a broom. The Bahraini quarter-mailer Salwa Eid Naser, who surprisingly nabbed first place at the Doha World Cup two years earlier in front of Miller-Uibo, was penalised for missing doping samples. New super talent 19-year-old Athing Mu, who has grown up in America, chose the 800m distance, where she came to be an Olympic champion. And this year's teenage Namibian sprinters (Christine Mboma ran 48.54 and Beatrice Masiling 49.53) were banned from the 400m distance by the World Athletics Federation (WA) due to too high testosterone levels. But what will happen to them? Mboma and Masilingi, who came second and sixth in the 200m distance in Tokyo, are still in disagreement. It's like no one's satisfied. Some believe that they have been discriminated against, some believe that this duo should not compete among women at all. The issue calls for a solution as soon as possible, as observers say it is only a matter of time before the world records of Mboma begin to be set at a very poor start but unprecedented final speed.
The Government made an exception: more spectators will be allowed at the Estonia-Israel selection game This Sunday, the Government considered the men's basketball World Cup selection match between the national teams of Estonia and Israel to be an event of overwhelming public interest and will allow up to 3,360 spectators for the game. Under the current restrictions, up to 1000 spectators will be allowed to participate in indoor sports from 15 November. The Health Board supports the event with an increased number of spectators if the organiser reduces the risk of the spread of the coronavirus according to the submitted plan, the Government announced on its website. Spectators in Saku Suurhall would be divided into four zones and would not come into contact with each other, the players or the personnel serving the game. The event is accessible only upon presentation of a COVID certificate and on-site mask wearing is checked. The sectors have taken into account the fact that people are scattered and that separate ventilation is provided for each area. The use of trumpets and the like is prohibited. The Estonian Basketball Association makes a pre-notification to ensure that spectators arrive at the game in time to avoid queues at the entrance when checking evidence and documents. The doors will be opened one hour before the event begins. In total, 14 different entrances are open for four levels. The Estonian national team will start the 2023 World Cup selection series on Thursday night, facing Germany in Nuremberg. Tickets for Sunday's game with Israel can be purchased from the Ticket Pocket.
Food had already been ordered and invitations sent: the Finns decided to cancel the Presidential Ball at the last moment The Office of the President of Finland announced today that for the second year in a row, the traditional Presidential Ball will be cancelled on Independence Day. The decision was essentially stretched to the last moment because the event should have taken place on 6 December. This means that many hours of work have already been devoted to the organisation of the ball. Some time ago invitations were sent out and drinks and meals were ordered. According to the Office, nothing is wasted, but they can be used for the following events. Also, invitations sent this time will be valid after a year, writes Iltalehti. "Preparations for the reception took into account the low number of guests and therefore fewer items had been stockpiled for the event," said a representative of the office. The reason for the ball being cancelled is the same as last year. Notably, there are concerns about the rise in coronavirus infections. However, presidential couple Sauli Niinistö and Jenni Haukio have found a way to celebrate Independence Day with their people. On December 6, the President and the First Lady will give an interview directly from the Palace to Yle. Several well-known musicians will perform in the same broadcast.
Great example: Anett Kontaveit does not sit idly by during the holiday and helps those in need After a tiring tournament in Mexico, the Estonian premiership tennis player took some time off and rests in his home country. But during this time, he will help those who need help. Anett Kontaveit does not rest on her hands, but uses this time virtually. She posted pictures to Instagram calling herself a "plant-mummy," growing plants that provide greenery at home. It also engages in charity activities, raising awareness about the activities of the Shelters NGO. Anett posted pictures of the dogs on social media, saying she would help them this year. At Monday's press conference, Anett Kontaveit said she was thinking about winning a grand slam tournament. "I've been thinking about it for a few days. Of course, it's my dream to win a grand slam, but the most important thing is that the goals are development-based. I want to improve my game and certain elements of tennis, as well as my physique. If this development process is positive, there will be better results," he said via Delfi Sport. Kontaveit thanked the fans who stayed up in the last few weeks for his Mexican games in the deep hours of the night: "It's been very heartwarming how many people have lived with me. I have received so much positive feedback and I am very grateful to everyone who cares about what I do. I also thank the supporters and sponsors who have helped me to get here." After a short vacation, Kontaveit will be preparing for the new season in Tallinn and as the Australian tournaments approach, it will be a flight to some warmer places to acclimatize.
You feel like you're no longer thrilling to a man? This way, you can guarantee that the flag will always be raised. Long-term cohabitation, domestic problems, squabbles, piling up clothes and unwashed dishes - not at all a sexy combo, understandable. But how do you wake up that mysterious spark again? How can we guarantee a passionate experience between sheets that would exceed what we experienced on our honeymoon? If you want a loved one to shine his eyes again when he sees you, and you can sit on his lap from a crook so that he doesn't fuss that he doesn't see a frantically important sports race coming from the television because of you, then follow their advice, and the wildness of the man is guaranteed! The sexy spark does not appear in the relationship just like that, it must be created, and if the man has not bother to grab the bull's horn himself, then do not rest on the laurels and do it yourself.
Singer Jessie J lost her baby: I have no control over my emotions The well-known musician recently broke up with his girlfriend, Max Pham, but decided to carry her to the end of her pregnancy and raise their common child as a single mother. However, during a recent inspection, doctors were unable to detect the heartbeat of the child, Jessie J published in a post on Instagram. "Yesterday morning, I laughed with a friend, asking her, "Seriously, how can I make an appearance in LA tomorrow night without telling the whole audience that I'm pregnant?" " the singer wrote. "By lunchtime, though, I struggled with the idea of how I would cope with this performance without collapsing. During the third pregnancy inspection, I was told that the baby's heart was no longer beating. This morning. I feel like I have no control over my emotions. I may regret making this post later. I don't really know." Despite the fact that the woman is in deep grief at the moment, she has decided to make an appearance in Los Angeles, believing that it will help her. "I want to sing tonight. Not because I avoid grieving or this whole process, but because I know that singing tonight will help me," he said. "I've done only two concerts in two years, and my soul needs it. More today than before. I know some people say I should cancel it, but at the moment, one thing is clear to me. I started singing when I was young because it makes me happy, fills my soul and acts as therapy. It hasn't changed, and I have to go through things that way." Jessie J revealed that she decided to raise the child alone because she was looking forward to becoming a mother. She knows that life is short, and getting pregnant was a miracle and an experience she will never forget. She hopes that she will be able to conceive again in the future, but at the moment she is still in shock and extremely sad. "But I know I'm strong and I know it's gonna be all right," he added. "I also know that millions of women around the world have felt this pain and worse."
Prepare yourself candles with a small footprint Who pours candles before the holidays, let him test the Nordic and natural rapeseed wax. Wax produced from rapeseed is a renewable and environmentally friendly raw material. It's time for every autumn candle-pouring. Candles can also be made in the spring and summer, but in the autumn this action is especially suitable immediately. It's dark and rainy outside, the wind's blazing. At the same time, candle wax melts in the pot on the stove, and wonderful aromas fill the room. These are magical moments. Our foremothers made candles out of valuable sheep's fat, and they were only used for special occasions. Today, there are many different materials and tools to make candles. Orientation in them can be confusing.
A strange new beauty trend is spreading on TikTok: women use lubricant as a make-up foundation TikTok users are once again introducing a new beauty trend, recommending that you replace the make-up base cream in your cosmetic bag with the lubricant used in the bedroom.
The Sad Destiny of John Vares: Was it a suicide or was he eliminated from life? Did John Vares shoot himself primarily for being more agile than death? Or was he forced or intimidated into suicide? Or was suspended for resisting not physically, but mentally... Peter Olesk discusses the life and death of Vares-Barbarus in his last piece of writing. When, in the early morning, Johannes Vares, poet Johannes Barbarus (Jan. 12, 1890-29, Nov. 1946), was found dead in the bathroom of his office apartment in Kadriorg, of course, he did not shave with a pocket knife, but probably with a razor, some kind of cream and a foam brush. It could not have been hard or painful, because he probably shaved every day, but of course he found several kinds of Cologne waters at the mirror, and fluids to eliminate the bloody traces of incision. The question is whether he wrote two pre-mortem letters before going before the mirror or after that, the chin already shaved. The answer to the question we asked would help us to explain at what time John Vares had his sleep on the morning of his death, how much time he had to write his farewell letters, and where he did it. Writing table, white sheets of paper, ink pot and pen are not ordinary things in the bathroom! It takes about an hour to write two letters that are long enough and at the same time extremely personal. It may have taken a few dozen minutes to shave, brush his teeth and rinse his mouth, but what John Vares could not have known was the length of time after which he would have been searched and who would find his body first. In these circumstances, I tend to believe that the farewell letters were prepared earlier than death, at the latest on the evening of the previous day. Consequently, they were written consciously, not affectively. According to Nigol Andresen's oral message, John Vares did not want to live as a disabled person at the end of his life. It could be concluded that he knew the course of his illness. However, the word "disability" may not mean an externally noticeable disability, it may also mean loss of capacity for work or dismissal for health reasons.
In the heath, a stack of books hid the murder victim. The case is in the hands of "cold murders" detectives. In 2019, the police received an unusual call to Lemmiku Street in Hämme: during the renovation work of the old house, it turned out that a body hidden under a stack of books has been neatly stacked in one room. How is that possible? An elderly lady has been visited twice by the investigators, but there is not yet a clear enough moment to answer the question. The lady may have the key to one of the murders: according to one source, she once said years ago that her son could be guilty of a crime.
Gas instead of a brake. Controversial plant received cornerstone despite ongoing litigation Before there is a verdict, the plant will not be built, government members said this summer. However, on Tuesday last week, the oil plant received a cornerstone with the approval of ministers. On 16 November, Eesti Energia laid the cornerstone of the shale oil plant Enefit280, for the construction of which the government allocated 125 million euros of taxpayers' money to the state company and the construction of which was sued by the climate youth. The more attentive remember that only half a year earlier, the Tartu Circuit Court suspended the building permit of the plant by way of preliminary legal protection, and Prime Minister Kaja Kallas said that a clear message was sent to Eesti Energia: until the end of the litigation, the brake must be drawn on the construction of the plant. In November, however, Eesti Energia pressed the bottom of the gas and started construction. Legally, Eesti Energia has the right to start building the plant, because at the beginning of June the Tartu Circuit Court lifted the building ban imposed on the oil plant. However, the company took a business risk by laying a cornerstone on the plant, as the dispute over the legality of the building permit is still ongoing. "In the event that the buildings and facilities of the plant have been erected by the end of the litigation, but the appeal is satisfied and the building permit is revoked, further progress depends on the reasons of the courts. A situation where buildings prove illegal is quite possible, and in theory there is a possibility that they may have to be demolished," explained Kärt Vaarmari, a lawyer at the Centre for Environmental Law.
Läänemaa's only Australian teaches Estonians to eat grass Matthew Hill, who moved to Estonia from Australia, and his wife Piret set up an organic shoots plantation in Jaagu farm in Lääne County. The family grows ten varieties of shoots all year round there and was awarded the title of best organic producer. See what else you're talking about in the latest issue of Maaleht! Matthew Hill, who moved from Australia to Estonia, and his wife Piret set up an organic crop plantation in Läänemaa. On their vegetable beds, however, the host is engaged in spade tillage, or sustainable agriculture, which is already very popular in other parts of the world: the bedding is not dug, only lightly spurred. The new ideas and techniques of the family Hill in the vegetable industry have attracted attention, so this year they were awarded the title of best organic producer.
German scientists teach cattle to use the toilet. The results can change the world A small herd of cattle in Germany has learned an impressive tradition. They use the garden-fenced artificial grass-covered area as a toilet. But why is such a workout necessary? Worldwide, about 10% of human greenhouse gas emissions come from cattle. German scientists are trying to come up with an incredible solution to make cattle farming more environmentally friendly.
Prosecutor in case of man who killed woman: he regretted his act and voluntarily sought help We wrote on Wednesday about a case where Kiuri, who mistreated a woman and recklessly caused her death, was sentenced to two years in prison with three years and three months of probation. This means that behind bars, the man had to spend only two days as of now. According to District Attorney Kelly Kruusimägi, such punishment is justified because Kiur regretted the act and voluntarily sought help for his problems. We're releasing the prosecutor's comment. "The evidence gathered by the pre-trial investigation established that Kiur punched the woman once in the face and the victim's death came about two days later. Evidence confirms that immediately after the blow and the next two days, the woman communicated with Kiuri. The next day, the woman left the apartment, moved around, and according to Kiuri's testimony, she did not understand that the woman may have suffered health damage, which may be dangerous and require medical intervention. When assessing the whole event, it is vitally plausible because, as an abuser of alcohol, a woman could also normally move with certain co-ordination problems. Nor was the victim bloody or complaining about anything unusual after the blow. Thus, we did not identify intent to kill, and the evidence did not indicate a desire to cause life-threatening health damage. Kiuri has no current criminal penalties. He admitted hitting the victim and regretted his actions and that he did not understand the need to call an ambulance. He volunteered for help with his alcohol problem, and he goes to work. In view of all these circumstances, but above all the specific act and the earlier behaviour of the man, the prosecutor's office asked for a sentence of two years" imprisonment, which would not be enforced if Kiur did not commit another criminal offence during another period of three years and three months" probation. A probationary period is a period when a person must prove that he or she will continue to live obediently, which is one of the objectives of punishment. Such a solution was accepted by all parties, including the victim's mother, who also said in her testimony that she did not believe Kiur wanted the woman dead."
Day in traffic: three vehicles involved in Tallinn city centre crash Three cars were involved in an accident in the centre of Tallinn yesterday morning, one of which was standing on the side of the street. At 9:53 a.m., a traffic accident occurred at the intersection of Bronze Street and Gonsiori Street in Tallinn, where, according to preliminary data, a 38-year-old man was driving an Audi R8 and collided with an Audi Q7, a passenger car driven by a 44-year-old woman. As a result of the collision, a Ford Tourneo overturned on the Audi R8. The driver of the Audi Q7 was delivered to East Tallinn Central Hospital. The exact circumstances of the accident are being clarified. At 15.20 a.m., a 48-year-old woman was hit by a passenger car at a house on Jüri Street 46 in the town of Mercedes-Benz Võru by a 75-year-old woman who had crossed the road. The driver of the vehicle delivered the pedestrian to the hospital in Võru for inspection. During the previous day, one driver of a motor vehicle with signs of drug and alcohol abuse was caught. A 2004 grey Volvo V40 with the number 789BSN was stolen from the South Prefecture.
Ülo Kalm: a new powerful hospital was promised in the elections. The money comes from Brussels, but where do the workers and equipment come from? How can a mayor whose father is Ülo and mother is Lidia manage a multiethnic city? It was sadly funny that the former mayor Savisaar believed that trust was eternal and he once again presented himself as an ambassador candidate. The star was gone. The result of the election in Narva shows that trust is already more important than language and nationality. Doctors need to fight salt blowers for trust, who offer opinions instead of facts. In addition, gentlemen who do not trust our hospital system at all have appeared in the limelight (specifically in the leaf columns). I just read the confession of a city gentleman about surviving in PERH.
Alo Raun: Happy Birthday, 55% support the Cohabitation Act! 55% - today, according to opinion polls, the Cohabitation Act has the support of an absolute majority when looking at Estonian citizens 18 years of age and older who have a position on this issue. Perhaps people who can also elect the Riigikogu and participate in the referendum. This is clear from the aggregate results of the September and October polls conducted by Norstat and commissioned by SA Liberal Citizen. According to the same survey, this trend has been going on for a long time. So when we talk about what "the people want," it is no longer correct to say as if we/they are against the Cohabitation Act.
A new and "truly terrible" coronavirus variant B.1.1.529 has been identified in Botswana In Botswana, a new variant of the coronavirus with as many as 32 mutations in the spike protein B.1.1.529 has been identified and it is not yet known whether human antibodies can respond effectively to it. So far, sequencing has resulted in only a handful of infections with this variant - three in Botswana, six in South Africa and one in Hong Kong. Thus, scientists hope that COVID cases caused by the new virus variant are not widespread, I write Sky News. Tom Peacock, a virologist at Imperial College London, called the abundance of mutations discovered on the variant "truly terrible": The spike proteins are what viruses use to enter human cells, and most vaccines are designed to train the human body to recognize and neutralize them. Therefore, mutations in the spike protein may be problematic for mRNA vaccines. Professor Francois Balloux of the University of London said the new variant should be closely monitored and its spread analysed. "But there is no reason to worry too much, unless its incidence rises in the near future," he said. The professor added that the abundance of mutations in B.1.1.529 may be due to the fact that it "evolved during the chronic disease of an immunocompromised person, possibly in an untreated HIV/AIDS patient." The first cases of infection with this variant were identified in Botswana on 11 November and South Africa three days later. A 36-year-old man with a negative PCR test was found in Hong Kong before flying from Hong Kong to South Africa, where he stayed from 22 October to 11 November. He tested negative on his return to Hong Kong, but he already tested positive on 13 November. The Guardian writes that some virologists in South Africa are already concerned, especially given the recent increase in cases in Gauteng, where B.1.1.529 cases have been detected. Ravi Gupta, professor of clinical microbiology at the University of Cambridge, told the publication that his laboratory found that two mutations of B.1.1.529 increased the infectivity of the virus and reduced the recognition of the virus by antibodies.
European Commission: Vaccination certificates valid for 9 months on travel, indefinitely after a dose of effectiveness The European Commission has just proposed that Member States set deadlines for the validity of vaccination certificates for travellers between EU countries. According to the proposal, the standard period of validity of the vaccination certificate issued after the primary vaccination cycle should be at least 9 months. This means that Member States should not refuse to recognise a vaccination certificate confirming that less than 9 months have elapsed since the last dose of the primary vaccination was administered when passengers were checked. As regards the efficacy doses, the Commission proposes that the 9-month period should not apply to certificates issued after the efficacy dose. This means that, at least initially, the evidence obtained after the dose of effectiveness should be valid for an indefinite period. "It is possible that the protection will last longer after the dose of effectiveness than after the primary vaccination, which is why the Commission is closely monitoring new scientific data on this issue. On this basis, the Commission may later propose to establish an appropriate period of validity for vaccination certificates issued after the dose of effectiveness," the Commission noted. In order to allow sufficient time for the implementation of the new regime, the Commission proposes to start applying the innovations from 10 January 2022. At today's press conference, Commission Commissioner for Justice Didier Reynders noted that only vaccines approved by the European Medicines Agency are accepted and therefore, for example, certificates issued in Hungary where Russian Sputnik or Chinese vaccines have been administered to people are not valid. More than 650 million vaccination certificates have been issued in the EU to date. The Commission further considered that a person holding a valid EU digital COVID certificate should not, as a general rule, be subject to testing, quarantine or other additional restrictions, regardless of which EU region he/she arrives from. People without an EU digital COVID certificate could be allowed to travel on the basis of a pre- or post-arrival test. The EU traffic light card will be updated as follows: the new case indicator will be looked at with the level of vaccination in the region. No restrictions should apply to travellers arriving from green areas. On the other hand, in the case of dark red areas, given the high number of infected persons, it should be recommended to refrain from travelling either one way or the other, and passengers who have not been vaccinated or have been affected by the disease should be required to undergo testing and quarantine. Exemptions should apply to cross-border commuters, children under 12 years of age and people with unavoidable travel needs. In the Commission's view, the list of people with unavoidable travel needs should be restricted, as many of the passengers currently on the list have been able to get vaccinated in the meantime.
Chinese company: State Assembly passes discriminatory and anti-competitive law Huawei, a Chinese technology company, makes no secret that it does not like the Electronic Communications Act, which was passed by the Riigikogu yesterday - leaving the executive to discriminate against entrepreneurs purely on the surface of their head office in the country. "On the basis of the law, it can be assumed that obtaining a permit for use for hardware and software of a manufacturer of a European Union, NATO or a non-OECD country may prove to be significantly more complicated than for a manufacturer with its head office in a Member State of the aforementioned organisations," said Ben Chang Bin, Head of Huawei Technologies Estonia. According to Huawei's statement, it is not justified to assume that a manufacturer of hardware and software used in a communications network is linked to a specific country, as all large companies operate internationally and have similar supply chains. According to the company, the security of technology can also be ensured by "transparent and proportionate measures, avoiding unjustified discrimination between market participants and without distorting competition." According to the new version of the Electronic Communications Act, the Building Code and the State Fees Act, the Government has the right to impose an obligation on a communications undertaking to apply for permission to use the hardware and software of the communications network in order to ensure national security. The granting of this authorisation is also carried out by the security authorities. Hardware and software will be banned in cases where the list is so long that there is unlikely to be a country or manufacturer worldwide that can meet the requirements established by Estonia. For example, it is sufficient that the company has difficulties in supply, a cyber attack has been carried out in its country of origin, or some products have experienced security weaknesses. The manufacturer is established or headquartered in a country other than a Member State of the European Union, NATO or the OECD. The country where the producer is established does not respect the principles of democratic rule of law or does not respect human rights. The intellectual property, personal data or trade secret of persons of another state shall not be protected in the country where the producer is established The country where the manufacturer is located acts aggressively in cyberspace. Member States of the EU, NATO or OECD have attributed cyber attacks to the country where the manufacturer is established. The manufacturer shall be subject to the government or state authority of the host country or another foreign state without independent judicial review. The country of location of the producer or another foreign state may require the producer to act in a manner which endangers the security of the Estonian state. The producer's economic activity is not based on market-based competition or sufficient conditions have not been established in the country of establishment. The ownership structure, organisational structure or management structure of the manufacturer is not transparent. Producer funding is not transparent. The manufacturer's products or services contain security weaknesses and adequate security measures have not been put in place to address them. Except for reasons of force majeure, the manufacturer is not consistently able to ensure the supply of products or services. Following the resolution of the Riigikogu, Estonia can now finally announce the auction of 5G frequencies for telecom companies. Estonia ranks last in the European Union in terms of 5G deployment.
Mihkel Raud on the corona flare-ups in the social media: it's like 15 celebrity minutes, it's easy for someone to lull in sympathy from others "Life is what comes when you have other plans," one wise man once said. That man must have been John Lennon. Although we tend to attribute brilliant quotes to the people we like the most, it may be that someone else uttered these wise words instead of Lennon. But the core of the sentence, of course, changes little about it. I had beautiful plans. I had to perform with Singer Vinger in Sindi, then take the bus back to Tallinn and take part in the finale of "Estonia's Looking for a Superstar" the next day - just as I had performed, rode and participated countless times in a dozen years. But life got ahead of my plans. "I'm not feeling very good, why don't we go straight to town?" I tried to trick Singer Vinger's mates into giving up another forest stop. We'd done three of them already. The bus turned down in the woods, the men were making smoke outside, and I felt the fever go up every second. And if you now think you've stumbled upon another COVID hit, you're only half right.
Family doctor warns: flu is on the move! It is a serious disease, it is not just a runny nose and a cough. How to protect yourself? There is a lot of talk about the coronavirus, its prevention and its treatment. Alongside this, it tends to be forgotten that during the autumn-winter season there are a large number of different respiratory viruses on the go, and the flu has already reached Estonia, so it is high time to protect yourself from the virus, says Triinu-Mari Ots, Head of the Laagri Family Medical Centre and family doctor, giving advice on how to recognise and prevent flu. The typical Estonian autumn-winter cough-chicken-throat-pain season has started, when acute viral infections of the upper respiratory tract caused by various viruses are mainly on the move. "The most common agents are rhinovirus, RS virus, adenovirus and parainfluenza. The general name of these diseases is acute respiratory viral infections and they treat a specific symptom, be it cough, sore throat, runny nose or headache," says Triinu-Mari Ots. The exception is an influenza virus, the course of which is very specific and can already be identified by symptoms in the first days of illness. "In this case, tests are also taken to provide laboratory confirmation of the presence of the influenza virus," says the family doctor. This is important for prescribing treatment as well as for preventing or limiting lesions, for example, in an occupational collective, in an exercise hall or in a school.
"POLITIES": What books to read in the autumn coronavirus crisis Does time for more at home lead to an increase in reading?! It's hard to say, isn't this quantity ultimately known how important. What can we find in bookstores? The rankings are, of course, led by biographies and cookbooks, but luckily there are other things. Journalist Andres Raid and legal scholar and cleric Igor Gräzin talk about books around us and at our fingertips.
Offside green turn or just stupidness in a cube: toilets and bins disappear from the edge of state roads Another example of austerity on the face of it comes from the transport authority, which goes against the cross with the green thinking we so widely introduce. As the transport authority will have to cut operating costs by more than 3.5 million euros in the coming year, the removal of toilets and bins from parking lots was found as one of the savings places. The decision was made based on the fact that road safety suffers the least when cutting these costs, Raido Randmaa, Director of the Infrastructure Management Service of the Transport Board, explained to ERR. There are 61 toilets belonging to the Estonian Transport Board in the parking lot and 63 garbage containers in the parking lot. For toilets, the Agency costs EUR 472 000 per year, for bins EUR 267 000. According to Randmaa, this decision has already been made in the Transport Board, but since the budget of the Board has not yet been finally approved, there is no signature on this decision. "No help in heaven - as a former head of Circle K and leader of Ragn-Sells today, I can't shut up, "comments the decision on social media by top executive Kai Realo. "If Circle K wanted to build service stations along the new highways, where, as it is known, both bins and toilets, then the biggest trouble was getting places where the then Road Administration would have given normal loading and disembarkation, because "Estonia is so small that here a person can drive across the country at once from edge to edge and there is no need for him to refuel, eat or go to the toilet along the way."" Realo adds that this attitude was out of tune at the time, but now the decision is downright mind-boggling: "Can you imagine this "land of lying men" and these piles of rubbish on the waterfront?"
Estonia's "openness" is also being exploited by Latin American prostitutes and illegals "Opening" has also made Estonia a centre of attraction for the representatives of the shadow side. BNS writes: Police expelled a woman from Brazil who worked as a prostitute in the capital on Wednesday. According to the North Prefecture of the Police and Border Guard Board, on Wednesday, 24 November, the visa-free stay of a 29-year-old woman who is a Brazilian citizen in Estonia was prematurely terminated because she provided sexual services in Tallinn for money. The woman was issued a precept to leave Estonia and a ban on entry into Schengen territory was imposed for one year. This isn't the first time. In July this year, the police expelled a woman of Columbia citizenship who worked as a prostitute in Estonia. The Northern Prefecture then conducted illegal proceedings against a Colombian woman born in 1988 who arrived in Estonia with the aim of providing intimate services. The woman was issued with a precept to leave the country and was banned from entry for three years. In December 2019, the portal New News wrote: "The police expelled from the country a man with Brazilian citizenship who worked as a prostitute in Tallinn. On Thursday, an employee of the Northern Border and Migration Supervision Service conducted illegal proceedings against a Brazilian national born in 1998, the Northern Prefecture reported. The man did not wish to cooperate with police officers and, in addition, he had provided sexual services in Tallinn for money. The purpose of the man's trip did not correspond to the actual purpose. The police terminated the man's visa-free stay prematurely, a precept was issued for him to leave Estonia and a prohibition on entry was imposed for three years." Ladinaamericans have also been found in Estonia by other routes to get here. In August this year, Delfi Ärileht wrote: "On the evening of August 4, a passenger car with an Estonian registration plate was checked in Tallinn in a Toyota Yar, which was driven by a Brazilian woman born in 1993. The woman turned out to be a food courier without a work permit, who is being deported from Estonia. There was a delivery company's grocery bag in the vehicle, and the woman's phone showed that she had completed the last order less than 10 minutes ago. The person's short-term employment in the PBGB was not registered. A woman's visa was revoked and her visa-free stay in Estonia was reduced once. A precept was issued to the woman to leave Estonia within 15 days and she was issued a ban on entry for 3 months."
Twenty-seven migrants killed in English canal immediately spilled into propaganda mill The death of twenty-seven migrants in the English Channel in the autumn is undoubtedly a major tragedy, but the Liberal West immediately put it into its propaganda, largely to justify its inaction. The most shadowy move came in France, whose President Emmanuel Macron on Thursday warned British Prime Minister Boris Johnson against exploiting the migration crisis for political purposes, citing a boat crash in the English Channel that killed 27 people. Before that, however, French President Emmanuel Macron and British Prime Minister Boris Johnson agreed in a telephone interview on Wednesday to step up action against the deadly sea crossings. "Both leaders were clear that today's tragic loss of life was a stark reminder of the importance of keeping all options on the table to stop these lethal sea crossings and break the business model of the criminal gangs behind them," said a British government spokesman. Britain is the country to which these people aspire and France is the transit country from which they all rush unhindered and where they live in tents waiting for traffickers - Paris should have all the levers in its hands to prevent migrants from already using the country as a jumping-off platform, not to mention blocking the Channel to human trafficking. The British don't want them, the French don't - so what are the obstacles to closing the migration route? Five people have been arrested in connection with the sinking of a migrant boat that killed at least 27 people in the English Channel on Wednesday, French Interior Minister Gerald Darmanin announced on Thursday. According to the Lille prosecutor, 17 men, seven women and three minors died in a boat that sank off the northern coast of France on Wednesday. Four people smuggling suspects were arrested as early as Wednesday afternoon, Darmanin explained. The French authorities did not save words to express their alleged weakness, whereas traffickers would not be able to operate with state support - and this support comes both from maintaining the Ma Manche migration route (which could be closed) and from creating a favourable ground for trafficking by allowing mass migration as a national policy. President Emmanuel Macron said on Wednesday night that France would not allow the English Channel to become a "graveyard," and promised that the authorities would find those responsible for the tragedy. French prosecutors launched a murder investigation. The President does not think of himself as the culprit, although it is during his rule that France has been filled with migrants. French Interior Minister Gerald Darmian called for a "harsh international response." He said four people suspected of being directly involved in what happened had been captured. "The criminal nature of smugglers organising these crossings cannot be sufficiently condemned, " he added. "This disaster in the strait is a tragedy, " tweeted Prime Minister Jean Castex. "My thoughts are with the missing and the victims who were victims of criminal smugglers abusing their plight and misery." The Pharisees of the French authorities do not prevent human trafficking and drowning deaths.
Among the cars with the most rewinded mileage, German elite brands lead Rewinding the mileage indication is one of the most common scams in the used car market. This increases the price of the vehicle used by unfair practices and violates the value of the car. A recent carVertical survey revealed that buyers of German elite brands are at the greatest risk of acquiring a car with a modified odometer reading. TOP 10 most frequently rewinded mileage models: BMW M5 tops the list To find out the list of cars with the most rewinded mileage, IT firm carVertical analysed the history of more than 700,000 used cars from reports created between November 2020 and November 2021. 18 different markets were examined, including Poland, Romania, Hungary, France, Slovenia, Slovakia, the Czech Republic, Lithuania, Latvia, Estonia, Ukraine, Bulgaria, Serbia, Germany, Croatia, Russia, the United States and Italy. The mileage data shows that the BMW M5 is the most modified car with an odometer reading; more than a third of the vehicles used were involved in possible fraud. This separate statistical reading does not reflect the extent of the problem of rewinding the odometer of BMWs - as Matas Buzelis, CarVertical's automotive expert, recently noted, the whole list is dominated by different BMW models: "Half of the TOP 10 list is occupied by cars of this manufacturer. The indicator correlates with the demand for BMWs in different markets. The data also show that more expensive cars may be more likely to be changed with the mileage indication, and this fact must be taken into account when searching for a used vehicle. That's where the check on the mileage of the car is going to be useful." BMW 7 Series and Subaru Outback are ranked second and third in the reverse mileage rankings with 33.4 percent and 31.8 percent, respectively. The Audi A8 was the fifth most frequent car with mileage fraud, as its sportier brother A7 ranked tenth, with just over a quarter (25.8 percent) of such vehicles having artificially reduced mileage, according to the study. Matas Buzelis explains that the more frequent representation of higher class vehicles in the list of vehicles with a modified odometer indication is primarily due to the higher possible intermediate cost of selling such used cars. Odometer rewind is a relatively inexpensive and simple method that gives dishonest car dealers the opportunity to earn extra. For a longer list of the 20 cars with the most frequently rewinded mileage, see the full survey. Most rewinded drive-through models by year of production: older cars are at higher risk of fraud Studies show that when buying a used car, it is important to check the mileage of the car, especially for older vehicles. The most popular models with modified odometer readings were produced between 2006 and 2016. However, automotive expert Matas Buzelis points out that there is a link between the possibility of fraud and the price class of the car: "The list of cars with the most frequently rewinded mileage readings consists mainly of elite class vehicles, but there are also models of folk cars, although their share is lower than the total number of cars with modified mileage. Subaru, Ford and Volkswagen cars belong to the same age group as higher class vehicles. It seems that the mileages of cars between 5 and 15 years old are most likely to be scrapped.
Chamber of Agriculture: production cannot be sacrificed to green turn The Chamber of Agriculture considers that efforts must be made to achieve climate neutrality, both by businesses, consumers and the state, but that, at the same time, the green-turning goals cannot be achieved through local production and by reducing the number of animals. The changes brought about by the green turn must also be economically feasible for businesses, which must be pursued jointly by businesses, consumers and the state. The Agricultural Chamber considers it important that before making decisions, there is an understanding of the interplay between the climate package and the EU Green Deal strategies for Estonian agricultural and food production. For an overview of the real environmental impact of the Estonian agricultural sector, a comprehensive assessment based on location and management method is required. Nor can the green-turn goals be achieved by reducing local production and the number of animals. The Chamber of Agriculture supports the direction taken by the European Commission to achieve climate neutrality by 2050, although this will be a major challenge for our agricultural, food, forestry and rural sectors. However, each challenge also entails opportunities that need to be skillfully exploited, the opinion sent by the Chamber of Agriculture and Trade to the Ministry of the Environment on the European Commission's "Goal 55" climate package is found, mediated by BNS. The Agricultural Chamber of Commerce, which last year led by its leader Roomet Ring as the initiator of the import of Ukrainians, is trying to make an eye out for both green-turners and farmers - while the wishes of farmers and climate hysterics are so different that it is difficult to reconcile them. In addition, the future of farmers is also haunted by all kinds of ideological associations and pressure groups, such as animal and environmentalists, vegans and others whose activities are aimed at restricting and ending animal husbandry.
Migration pressure intensifies: Finnish entrepreneurs in Estonia have also been complained about and are threatened with tax increases It is sadly funny when Finns have been placed as the rupee of the Reform Party's immigration plans, who complain that there is a lack of labour in Estonia, while Estonians work for their northern neighbours - so let them bring Estonians back home, to the Finnish companies here. The media, on the other hand, trumpets the shortage of labour every day, which is probably a new propaganda campaign to get people to practice immigration. This is how the BNS writes: At the meeting of the Finnish-Estonian Chamber of Commerce on Tuesday, foreign entrepreneurs operating in Estonia saw labour shortages as the biggest shortage of the Estonian economic environment. "Estonian and Finnish companies have a common problem, where there is an increasing lack of skilled labour in an ageing country," Andres Sutt, Minister of Entrepreneurship and Information Technology, said in a press release. "At the same time, we see as a similar solution on both sides that recruiting skilled workers from abroad that share our common values and ensuring tax compliance is the only solution for solving the growing skilled labour crisis in the short term," he added. Andres Sutt could look more closely towards Finland - they solve labour problems with the help of Somalis and other Moorish "skill workers" - and tell whether the Reform Party sees a way out of them. The Minister does not want to take up the topic that Estonians who emigrated during the previous reign of the squirrel party are also behind the talk "Estonian and Finnish companies have a common problem." This is illustrated by the threat: "According to the Ministry of Economic Affairs and Communications (MEAC), there will be about 31,000 fewer working-age people in Estonia in five years, and the alternative to increasing the state's revenue base would be to increase taxes." Maybe it's scary that if you don't agree with strangers, taxes will go up and you won't get a pension. However, it is "forgotten" that migrant workers are undercutting the wages of Estonian people. In the meantime, such threats had subsided, but only a few years ago, it was written about how tens of thousands of workers in construction, agriculture and elsewhere would be missing in 2040 - as if there were no technological advances in 20 years, and also in the year above, all work is done by hand.
Paul Oja: The gloomy visions of the future in Tom Clancy's spoof novels also spoke of the pandemic In the 1960s, Soviet science fiction gradually began to break out of the obscure grind of carving around purely technical details or fighting pestilence. On the one hand, bright visions of the happy communist future of mankind began to be constructed (Ivan Yefremov's "Andromeda Nebula" 1957, "Midday" by Arkadi and Boris Strugatsky 1962), on the other hand, Western fantastics, or dystopias created in the conditions of rotten capitalism, were condemned for future wars, terrorist acts or pandemics. Most of the time, it was like, "In 2000...!" As we know, Soviet communism disappeared with its bright visions of the future into the black hole of history even before this magical year. However, Western writers who look sharp still offer food for thought with their work. Tom Clancy, a skilled and prolific producer of teknotrillers, or technical scuffle literature, kept a keen eye on world events. In 1975, a Soviet rocket carrier tried to escape from the port of Riga to Sweden, but was forced to stop 50 miles before Swedish territorial waters. In 1984, Clancy's thriller "Stalking the Red October" (The Hunt of Red October) was released and became a global bestseller. "The Invisible Enemy" (Patriot Games, 1987) is about the terrorist activities of the Irish Liberation Army. The Cardinal of the Kremlin (The Cardinal of the Cremlin, 1988) illuminates the US-N. Union arms race in space against the backdrop of Reagan's Strategic Defence Initiative, a plotline of the N. Union's hopelessly immersed war in Afghanistan. "The Real Threat" (Clear and Present Danger, 1989) describes the war against drug barons in Colombian forests and Washington offices, "The Sum of All Fears" (The Sum of All Fears, 1991) explores what would happen if terrorists in the Middle East were to gain possession of a nuclear charge. Little by little, however, the temporal relationship between Tom Clancy and the material he was discussing began to change. Close observation of world developments made it possible to predict some nodal events - unfortunately, in the form of black scenarios, which sadly had a tendency to turn from excitement to reality. At the end of the novel Debt of Honor ("Honorary Debt"), a terrorist rams a large passenger jet into the White House just as Congress is being held in the President's presence. The novel was published in 1994; we know well what took place on 9 September 2001. All the menacing visions Clancy painted have not come true. The Great War between China and Russia, described in The Bear and the Dragon ("Bear and the Dragon"), published in 2000, has not taken place. More? Contrary to Francis Fukuyama's opinion and the perestroika exclamation of the Prophet Priskilla, history has not yet ended... In the novel Executive Orders, 1996, an attack on the United States is carried out with a bacterial weapon in an attempt to bring about the collapse of the country with the help of an epidemic. Thanks to the general vaccination, the epidemic is quickly extinguished. In the novel, it is much easier to come up with a really effective vaccine than in reality. In the novel Rainbow Six, 1998, the danger is much more serious. A top scientist, at the same time the head of one of the world's major pharmaceutical groups, has brought together a group of poison green like-minded people around him, who have been calling for the destruction of most of the world's population during the pandemic - to save the planet from the disastrous consequences of human activity. The Ebola-based virus is being developed as a guaranteed killing virus. At the same time, two vaccines will be created. Vaccine A really does provide protection against the disease. It is injected before the virus starts to spread to like-minded people and people who are otherwise trusted or need it. Vaccine B, on the other hand, is intended to be released into the market shortly after the outbreak of the pandemic. He seems to be giving some protection, but in fact, it is meant to spread the disease further in order to get close to the original goals. It is planned to spread the virus through an air irrigation system at the Olympic stadium in the hot weather of Australia. Brave counter-terrorism fighters from the Rainbow group will get their hands on the former KGB officer at the last minute, humanity will escape the evil disease, and life will continue as before.
Three very good Sony TVs that can now be picked up on "Black Sale" at a very good price Sony TVs are not just for watching TV channels, but with many additional apps, they can also be used for all kinds of other entertainment, from Youtube and Netflix to special sports broadcasts, games and even social media, because they have Google TV as an operating system. Now, with "Black Sale," some very good screens can be picked up at an even better price. Discounts amount to up to a thousand euros. There are three decent offers, which you will definitely find suitable for your needs. All "Black Sale" TVs are available on the Sony Center campaign page. Both Dolby Vision and Dolby Atmos make this model a good cinema night TV. Both the sound and the image are of close quality to the cinema, plus 4K resolution and HDR offer a good contrast image. However, 4K X-Reality PRO is required when you watch TV shows or videos that have a quality that does not match the 4K screen. Sony's pilid repair technology specifically adjusts image quality to make it as close to 4K as possible. With support from Apple AirPlay, Apple Homekit and Chromecast, you can connect other home devices to your smart TV wirelessly by streaming content across the network. This model is currently available at a discount of 150 euros, or 19% less.
Step towards sustainability: SEAT links Spanish and Portuguese plants to train path to reduce CO2 emissions The Spanish carmaker SEAT has set itself the goal of becoming a carbon neutral company by 2050. To achieve this, SEAT launched the Move to Zer<unk> environmental programme to reduce CO2 emissions throughout the life cycle of products, services and mobility solutions. However, SEAT now intends to establish another step forward in the Move to Zer<unk> strategy with a new rail service linking the Martorelli (Spain) plant with the Volkswagen Autoeuropa plant in Palmela (Portugal). Until now, vehicles produced in Martorelli were transported by train to Salobral (Madrid) and conveyed by truck to various representations. With the new route, the vehicles will arrive directly at the Palmela plant, from where they will be taken by truck to the Azambuja distribution depot 75 kilometers away for the last time. The service is currently operating twice a week and is expected to carry more than 20,000 vehicles a year. This will prevent 2,400 lorry rides a year and reduce CO2 emissions by as much as 43%. The new train service, operated by Pecovasa Renfe Mercanc in Tehran, consists of 16 carriages. It has a maximum length of 500 metres and allows the carriage of up to 184 vehicles per journey. From 2023, a train with 18 carriages will be introduced, capable of transporting almost 200 vehicles at a time. By 2024, hybrid locomotives will start running on the tracks, allowing the track to use 100% electricity.
European Medicines Agency green light: Pfizer corona vaccine suitable for children aged 5-11 The European Medicines Agency recommended on Thursday the extension of the authorisation of the Pfizer/BioNTech coronavirus vaccine Comirnaty to children aged 5-11 years. Until now, the vaccine was allowed for 12 years of age and older. The dose of the Pfizer corona vaccine for children aged 5-11 years is three times lower than the usual dose (10 μg compared to 30 μg). As in the older age group, children will receive a course of vaccine in two injections three weeks apart. A clinical study in 2,000 children showed that 5-11 year olds received immune responses at three times lower doses at the same dose level as older age groups at full doses. The side effects were similar to those seen in the older age group and were mild or moderate and resolved within a few days. Therefore, the European Medicines Agency concluded that the benefits of the vaccine in children aged 5 to 11 years outweigh its risks. The Agency will now send a recommendation to the European Commission, which will take a final decision on the use of the vaccine. Marje Oona, a member of the National Expert Committee on Immunoprophylaxis, told ERR that the Commission would probably make a decision on the matter next week. "Since the approval of the European Medicines Agency (EMA) is available, we know that the approval of the American Food and Drug Administration (FDA) has been in place for some time. The United States Immunization Committee has already made this recommendation quite a while ago, and more than three million children have already been vaccinated in the United States, so I don't really see much reason for not being given. But we haven't discussed it yet,' commented Dr Oona.
