Iwasaki got into trouble many times during his journey.
He was robbed by pirates, attacked by a rabid dog in Tibet, escaped marriage in Nepal and was arrested in India.
The East African Islands are located in the Indian Ocean off the east coast of Africa.
Madagascar is by far the largest and can be considered a continent in its own right in terms of wildlife.
Most of the smaller islands are independent states or are attached to France and are known as luxury seaside resorts.
Combined with its relative inaccessibility, "Timbuktu" has come to be used as a metaphor for exotic, far-flung lands.
Today, Timbuktu is an impoverished town, but its reputation makes it a tourist attraction. It also has its own airport.
In 1990 it was added to the list of World Heritage Sites in danger because of the desert sands.
It was one of the main stops during the PBS television show Wonders of the African World, hosted by Henry Luis Gates.
The city is in stark contrast to the rest of the country's cities because it looks more Arabic than African.
If you venture across the northern Baltic Sea in winter, check the location of your cabin, as sailing through the ice causes unbearable noise in exposed areas.
St Petersburg cruises include time in the city. Cruise passengers are not subject to visa requirements (see terms and conditions).
Casinos usually try to make sure guests spend as much time and money as possible in them. They usually lack windows and clocks, and it's often hard to find an exit.
They usually have special food, drink and entertainment offerings to keep visitors in a good mood and on the casino premises.
Some establishments offer alcoholic beverages on the house. However, drunkenness negatively affects one's ability to judge, so all good gamblers know how important it is to stay sober.
Europe is a continent that is relatively small, but with a number of independent countries. Normally, traveling through multiple countries would mean going through visa applications and passport control several times.
However, the Schengen area operates much like a single country in this respect.
As long as you remain in the zone, you can generally cross borders without going through passport control again.
Similarly, if you have a Schengen visa, you do not need to apply for a visa in each Schengen country separately, saving you time, money and paperwork.
Air travel can be scary for people of all ages and backgrounds, especially if it is their first flight or if they have had a traumatic experience.
It's not something to be ashamed of: it's no different to the personal fears and aversions to other things that very many people have.
For some people, understanding how airplanes work and what happens during a flight can help them overcome the fear of the unknown or the feeling of not being in control.
Delivery companies are well paid for delivering goods quickly. Time is often a very important factor with business documents, goods or spare parts for urgent repairs.
On some routes the larger companies have their own aircraft, but on other routes and smaller companies there is a problem.
If things were sent by air freight, then on some routes it could take several days for things to clear unloading and customs.
The only way to make it faster is to send the item as checked baggage. But airline regulations don't allow you to send luggage without a passenger, and that's where you come in.
The most common way to fly first or business class is to pull out a fat wad of cash (better yet, get your company to do it for you).
But it's not cheap: you can expect to pay up to four times the normal economy fare in business class and eleven times in first class!
Generally speaking, there's no point at all in looking for discounts on A to B flights for first or business class.
Airlines know that there is a core group of passengers who are willing to pay extra for the privilege of getting somewhere quickly and in comfort, and they price accordingly.
With a population of around 3.7 million, Izmir is Turkey's third largest city, the second largest port after Istanbul and a major transport hub.
What was once an ancient city, Smyrna is now a modern, developed and bustling commercial centre, situated around a large bay and surrounded by mountains.
Wide boulevards, glass-walled buildings and modern shopping malls are interspersed with traditional red-tile roofs, an 18th-century market and old mosques and churches, although the town has the feel of Mediterranean Europe rather than traditional Turkey.
The village of Haldarsvík offers views of the nearby island of Eysturoy and is home to an unusual octagonal church.
In the cemetery, interesting marble statues of doves can be seen above some of the tombs.
A half-hour walk around this interesting village is well worth it.
To the north and within easy reach is the romantic and fascinating town of Sintra, famous among foreigners for its beauty as described by Lord Byron.
The Scotturb network bus number 403 runs to Sintra and stops at Cabo da Roca.
In the north, also visit the Sanctuary of Our Lady of Fatima, a world-famous site of apparitions of the Virgin Mary.
Please remember that you are essentially visiting the site of a mass burial ground and also a place of almost incalculable importance to a significant part of the world's population.
There are many men and women still living who survived internment at this site, and many more whose loved ones were murdered or died a death of exhaustion from forced labor there, Jews or non-Jews indiscriminately.
Please treat this place with all the dignity, solemnity and respect it deserves. Do not make jokes about the Holocaust or the Nazis.
Do not deface the place with signs or scratch graffiti into the structures.
The official language of Barcelona is Catalan and Spanish. About half of the population prefers Catalan, a substantial majority understand it, and virtually everyone can speak Spanish.
However, most signs and banners are in Catalan only, as it is legally established as the first official language.
However, Spanish is commonly used on public transport and in other establishments.
Regular announcements in the metro are only in Catalan, but unscheduled service interruptions are announced by an automated system in many different languages - Spanish, English, French, Arabic and Japanese.
Parisians have a reputation for being selfish, rude and arrogant.
Although this is often an inaccurate stereotype, the best way to get along with others in Paris is to be on your best behavior, i.e., to act like someone who is "bien élevé" (well-mannered). It will make all your movements much easier.
The outward impression that Parisians are somewhat abrupt will quickly disappear if you show at least basic courtesy.
Plitvice Lakes National Park is heavily wooded, mainly with beech, spruce or fir, and offers a mixture of Alpine and Mediterranean vegetation.
Due to its diverse microclimate, varied soils and different altitudes, it has very different plant communities.
The area is also home to a very wide range of animal and bird species.
In addition to many of the more common species, rare fauna such as the brown bear, wolf, eagle, owl, lynx, wildcat and grouse can be found here.
When visiting the monasteries, women are required to wear skirts that cover the knees and shoulders.
Most monasteries provide shawls for women who come unprepared, but if you bring your own shawl, especially a colourful one, you will earn a smile from the monk or nun at the entrance.
Similarly, men are required to wear trousers covering their knees.
This too can be borrowed from the supplies at the entrance, but these clothes are not washed after each use, so you may not feel comfortable wearing these skirts. They are only one size for men!
