During his journey, Iwasaki got into trouble many times.
He was robbed by pirates, attacked by a rabies dog in Tibet, escaped marriage in Nepal and was arrested in India.
The East African Islands are located in the Indian Ocean off the east coast of Africa.
Madagascar is by far the largest and in terms of wildlife we can consider it a separate continent.
Most of the smaller islands are independent states or are annexed to France and are known as luxury seaside resorts.
Combined with its relative inaccessibility, "Timbuktu" began to be used as a metaphor for exotic, distant lands.
Timbuktu is now an impoverished city, but its reputation makes it a tourist attraction. It also has its own airport.
In 1990, it was added to the list of endangered World Heritage sites because of the desert sand.
It was one of the main stops during the PBS television show Wonders of the African World, hosted by Henry Luis Gates.
The city is in stark contrast to the rest of the country's cities, as it feels more Arabic than African.
If you are crossing the Northern Baltic Sea in winter, check the location of the cabin, as sailing through the ice causes unbearable noise in exposed places.
St. Petersburg cruises include time in the city. Cruise passengers are exempt from visa requirements (see terms and conditions).
Casinos usually try to get guests to spend as much time as possible and spend as much money as possible. Mostly windows and clocks are missing, it is often difficult to find an exit to the outside.
They usually have special food, drinks and entertainment offerings to keep visitors in a good mood and in the casino premises.
Some establishments offer alcoholic beverages at the company's expense. However, drunkenness negatively affects the ability to judge, so all good players know how important it is to stay sober.
Europe is a continent that is relatively small, but with a number of independent countries. Normally, traveling through multiple countries would mean going through visa applications and passport control several times.
However, the Schengen area functions similarly to one country in this respect.
As long as you stay in this zone, you can generally cross the border without going through passport control again.
Similarly, if you have a Schengen visa, you do not need to apply for a visa in each Schengen country separately, which will save you time, money and paperwork.
Air travel can be scary for people of all ages and backgrounds, especially if this is their first flight or if they've had a traumatic experience.
It's not something to be ashamed of: it's no different from the personal fears and aversions to other things that so many people have.
For some people, understanding how planes work and what happens during flight can help them overcome their fear of the unknown or feeling out of control.
Mail order companies are well paid for the prompt delivery of goods. Time is often a very important factor for business documents, goods or spare parts for urgent repair.
On some routes, larger companies have their own aircraft, but on other routes and smaller companies, there is a problem.
If the items were sent by air freight, then on some routes it could take several days for the items to pass through unloading and customs control.
The only way to do this faster is to send the item as checked baggage. However, airline regulations do not allow you to send baggage without a passenger, and this is where you come in.
The most common way to fly first or business class is to pull out a thick chunk of money (even better to get your business to do it for you).
But it's not cheap: you can expect to pay up to four times the normal economy ticket in business class and eleven times in first class!
Generally speaking, it makes no sense to look for discounts on flights from point A to point B for first or business class.
Airlines are well aware that there is a key group of passengers who are willing to pay extra for the privilege of getting somewhere fast and comfortable, and prices reflect this.
With a population of around 3.7 million, Izmir is Turkey's third-largest city, the second-largest port and an important transport hub after Istanbul.
What was once an ancient city, Smyrna is now a modern, developed and bustling commercial center, located around a large bay and surrounded by mountains.
Wide boulevards, glass buildings and modern shopping centres are crisscrossed with traditional red-tiled roofs, an 18th-century market and old mosques and churches, although the city has an air of Mediterranean Europe rather than traditional Turkey.
The village of Haldarsvík overlooks the nearby island of Eysturoy and has an unusual octagonal church.
In the cemetery, interesting marble statues of doves can be seen above some of the tombs.
The half hour walk around this interesting village is well worth it.
To the north and within easy reach is the romantic and fascinating city of Sintra, famous among foreigners for its beauty described by Lord Byron.
Scotturb bus 403 goes to Sintra and stops at Cabo da Roca.
In the north, also visit the Sanctuary of Our Lady of Fatima, which is a world-famous place of apparitions of the Virgin Mary.
Please remember that you are essentially visiting a mass burial site and also a site of almost incalculable importance to a significant part of the world's population.
There are still many men and women who survived internment there, and many more whose loved ones were murdered or died of exhaustion from forced labor, Jews and non-Jews alike.
In this place, please behave with all the dignity, seriousness and respect it deserves. Don't joke about the Holocaust or the Nazis.
Don't disfigure the site with markers or graffiti scratches into structures.
The official languages of Barcelona are Catalan and Spanish. About half of the population prefers Catalan, a significant majority understand it and virtually everyone can speak Spanish.
However, most signs and inscriptions are only in Catalan, as Catalan is established by law as the first official language.
However, Spanish is commonly used in public transport and other facilities.
Regular announcements in the metro are only in Catalan, but unplanned outages are announced by an automated system in many different languages – Spanish, English, French, Arabic and Japanese.
Parisians have a reputation for being selfish, rude and arrogant.
Although often an inaccurate stereotype, the best way to get along with others in Paris is to behave as well as possible, that is, to act like someone who is "bien élevé" (well-behaved). It will make all your movement much easier.
The outward impression that Parisians are somewhat violent quickly fades if you show even basic courtesy.
Plitvice Lakes National Park is heavily forested, especially beech, spruce and fir, and offers a mixture of alpine vegetation with Mediterranean vegetation.
Due to the diverse microclimate, diverse soil and different altitudes, there are very different plant communities.
The area is also home to a very wide variety of animal and bird species.
In addition to many more common species, rare fauna such as brown bear, wolf, eagle, owl, lynx, wildcat and grouse can be found here.
When visiting monasteries, women are required to wear knee-covering skirts and to cover their shoulders.
Most monasteries provide plaids to women who arrive unprepared, but if you bring your own, especially a colourful one, you'll earn a smile from the monk or nun at the entrance.
Similarly, men are required to wear knee-covering pants.
Even this can be borrowed from the stock at the entrance, but this clothing is not washed after each use, so you may not feel comfortable wearing these skirts. For men, they have only one size!
