During this trip, Iwasaki ran into trouble several times.
He was kidnapped by pirates, attacked by a rabid dog in Tibet, ran away from his marriage in Nepal and was arrested in India.
The East African Islands are located in the Indian Ocean off the east coast of Africa.
Madagascar is by far the largest, and in terms of fauna, it is practically a mander of its own.
Most of the smaller islands are independent states or linked to France and are known as luxury beach resorts.
Combined with its relatively inaccessibility, Timbuktu has come to be used as a metaphor for exotic, remote places.
Timbuktu is an impoverished city, although its fame makes it an attraction and it has an airport.
In 1990, it was added to the World Heritage List as a World Heritage Site in Danger from Desert Lions.
It was one of the key stops on Henry Louis Gates' PBS special 'Wonders of the African World'.
Compared to other cities in the country, it is quite different, as it has an Arab rather than African feel.
If you're crossing the northern part of the Baltic Sea in winter, check where your cabin is, as driving through the ice makes a fair amount of noise for nearby cabins.
St Petersburg cruises include time in the city. Cruise passengers are exempt from visa requirements (check conditions).
Usually, casinos go out of their way to make sure guests stay as long as possible and spend as much money as possible. There are usually no windows or bells, and exits are difficult to find.
They usually have special food, drink and entertainment offers to keep guests in a good mood and not leaving.
Some places offer alcoholic drinks on the house. However, drunkenness impairs judgement and all good gamblers know that it is important to stay sober.
Europe is a relatively small continent with many independent countries. Usually, crossing several countries means applying for visas and going through passport control several times.
But in this respect, the Schengen area acts somewhat like one country.
As long as you stay within the borders of this zone, you are in principle able to cross borders without going through passport control points again.
If you have a Schengen visa, you don't need to apply for a visa for each Schengen country separately, saving time, money and paperwork.
Travelling by plane can be a frightening experience for people of all ages and from all backgrounds, especially if it is their first time flying or if they have a history of traumatic incidents.
This is nothing to be ashamed of, and is no different from the personal fears and aversions to other things that many people have.
For some, understanding how aircraft work and what happens in flight can help overcome a fear based on ignorance or lack of control.
Courier companies are well paid for delivering parcels quickly. Time is often of the essence for business documents, freight or spare parts for urgent repairs.
On some routes, large companies have their own planes, but other routes and smaller companies had problems.
When things were sent by air, some routes could take days to unload and clear customs.
The only way to get it through faster was to send it as checked baggage. Airline rules don't allow them to send luggage without a passenger, which is where you come in.
The easiest way to fly first class is to shell out a big pile of cash for the luxury (or better yet, have your company do it for you).
But it's not cheap: as a rule of thumb, you can expect to pay four times as much for business class and 11 times as much for first class as you would for standard economy!
In general, there's no point in even looking for discounts on business or first class seats on direct flights from point A to point B. In other words, you're looking for a discount of 11 times more than you would pay for business class.
Airlines are well aware that there is a group of flyers who are willing to pay a lot of money for the luxury of flying somewhere fast and comfortable, and will charge accordingly.
Izmir is Turkey's third largest city, with a population of nearly 3.7 million, the second largest port after Istanbul and a very good transport hub.
The once ancient city of Smyrna is now a modern, developed and bustling commercial centre, set on a large bay and surrounded by mountains.
Wide boulevards, glass-fronted buildings and modern shopping malls are punctuated by traditional red-tiled roofs, an 18th-century market and old mosques and churches, although the city has more of a Mediterranean European atmosphere than traditional Turkish.
The village of Haldarsvík overlooks the nearby island of Eysturoy and is home to a rare octagonal church.
In the churchyard, interesting marble sculptures of pigeons stand above some of the tombs.
It's worth taking half an hour of your time to wander around this interesting town.
To the north is the easily accessible, romantic and charming little town of Sintra, which became famous among foreigners after Lord Byron brilliantly described its charms.
Scotturb bus No 403 runs frequently to Sintra, stopping en route at Cabo da Rocas.
To the north, visit the shrine (sanctuary) of the Mother of God of Fatima, famous the world over as the site of the apparitions of the Virgin Mary.
Bear in mind that you are visiting what is essentially a mass cave, and that this place holds almost inestimable significance for a significant proportion of the world's population.
There are still men and women alive today who have survived their time here, and even more who had loved ones killed or forced to work here to death, whether Jewish or not.
Treat this place with all the dignity, sanctity and respect it deserves. Do not joke about the Holocaust or the Nazis.
Don't damage the place by smearing its buildings with markers or scratching them.
The official languages of Barcelona are Catalan and Spanish. About half prefer to speak Catalan, the vast majority understand it and practically everyone speaks Spanish.
However, most signs are only in Catalan, because by law it is the first official language.
However, Spanish is also widely used in public transport and other facilities.
In the metro, announcements are regularly made only in Catalan, but unplanned disruptions are reported by an automated system in a number of different languages, including Spanish, English, French, Arabic and Japanese.
There is a widespread perception that Parisians are self-centred, arrogant and full of themselves.
Although this is often an inaccurate stereotype, the best way to get by in Paris is to behave as politely as possible, holding yourself up as a 'bien élevé' (well-bred) person. This makes getting around much easier.
Parisians' rude attitudes will quickly disappear if you show basic courtesy.
The Plitvice Lakes National Park is covered with dense forests of mainly beech, spruce and needleleaf and a mixture of mountain and Mediterranean vegetation.
It has a remarkably wide diversity of plant species due to its different microclimates, soils and habitats.
The area is also home to an extremely diverse assemblage of animal and bird species.
In addition to many common species, rare animals such as the European brown bear, the wolf, the eagle, the owl, the lynx, the wildcat and the roe deer can also be found here.
When visiting the monasteries, women must wear skirts covering their knees and their shoulders must also be covered.
Most monasteries do provide body coverings for unprepared women, but if you have something with you, especially if it is brightly coloured, the monk or nun at the entrance will smile at you.
Similarly, men must wear trousers that cover the knees.
This can also be borrowed at the entrance, but the garment is not washed after every use, so wearing these skirts may not be pleasant. For men, one size fits all!
