Estonia's "openness" is also exploited by Latin American prostitutes and illegals
"Openness" has also made Estonia a magnet for the shadow side.
BNS writes: A Brazilian woman who worked as a prostitute in the capital was expelled from the country by police on Wednesday.
On Wednesday, November 24, the Police and Border Guard Board's Northern Prefecture prematurely terminated the visa-free stay of a 29-year-old Brazilian woman in Estonia because she provided sexual services for money in Tallinn.
The woman was issued with an order to leave Estonia and banned from entering the Schengen territory for one year.
This is not the first time.
In July this year, police expelled a woman of Colombian nationality who was working as a prostitute in Estonia.
At the time, the Northern Prefecture was conducting an illegal procedure against a Colombian woman, born in 1988, who arrived in Estonia to provide intimate services.
The woman was issued with an order to leave the country and banned from entering the country for three years.
In December 2019, the portal Uued News wrote: "The police expelled a Brazilian man who worked as a prostitute in Tallinn.
On Thursday, an employee of the Northern Border and Migration Surveillance Service carried out an illegal immigration procedure against the Brazilian citizen, who was born in 1998, the Northern Prefecture reported.".
The man refused to co-operate with police officers and had also been providing sexual services in Tallinn for money.
The man's purpose of the trip did not correspond to the actual purpose.
The police terminated the man's visa-free stay prematurely, he was issued a precept to leave Estonia and banned from entering the country for three years."
Latin Americans have also been found in Estonia through other routes.
In August this year, Delfi Ärileht wrote.
The woman turned out to be an unlicensed food courier who will be deported from Estonia.
The vehicle was carrying a bag of food from the courier company and the woman's phone showed that she had placed her last order less than 10 minutes ago.
The person's short-term employment was not registered with the PPA.
The woman's visa was cancelled and her visa-free stay in Estonia was reduced once.
The woman was issued with an order to leave Estonia within 15 days and banned from entering the country for 3 months."
