Twenty-seven migrants who died in the English Channel were immediately thrown into the propaganda mill
The deaths of twenty-seven migrants in the English Channel in the autumn are undoubtedly a great tragedy, but the liberal West immediately threw it into its propaganda, largely to justify its inaction.
The most cavalier move was made by France, whose President Emmanuel Macron on Thursday warned British Prime Minister Boris Johnson against exploiting the migration crisis for political ends, citing the boat accident in the English Channel that claimed 27 lives.
But before that, French President Emmanuel Macron and British Prime Minister Boris Johnson agreed in a phone call on Wednesday to step up action against deadly sea crossings.
"Both leaders were clear that today's tragic loss of life was a stark reminder of the importance of keeping all options on the table to stop these deadly maritime disasters and break the business model of the criminal gangs behind them," a British government spokesman said.
Britain is the country these people are heading to and France is the transit country they all rush through unhindered, living in tented camps waiting for traffickers - Paris should have all the levers at its disposal to stop migrants already using the country as a springboard, not to mention blocking the English Channel to trafficking.
The British don't want them, the French don't want them - so what are the obstacles to closing the migration route?
Five people have been arrested in connection with the sinking of a migrant boat in the English Channel on Wednesday which claimed the lives of at least 27 people, French Interior Minister Gerald Darmanin said on Thursday.
According to the Lille public prosecutor, 17 men, seven women and three minors died on board the boat that sank off the northern coast of France on Wednesday.
The four suspected kidnappers were arrested on Wednesday afternoon, Darmanin said.
The French authorities were at a loss for words to express their alleged intransigence, while the traffickers could not operate without the support of the state - and this support comes both from the maintenance of the Channel migration route (which could be closed) and from the creation of a breeding ground for trafficking through the authorisation of mass migration as a national policy.
President Emmanuel Macron said on Wednesday evening that France would not allow the English Channel to become a "graveyard" and promised that the authorities would find those responsible for this tragedy.
French prosecutors have launched a murder investigation.
The President does not consider himself to be to blame, even though France has been flooded with migrants under his rule.
French Interior Minister Gerald Darmian called for a "tough international response".
He said four people suspected of direct involvement had been arrested.
"The criminal nature of the smugglers who organised these crossings cannot be condemned enough," he added.
"This disaster in the Straits is a tragedy," tweeted Prime Minister Jean Castex.
"My thoughts are with the missing and the victims who fell prey to criminal smugglers abusing their misery and misery."
The French authorities' sophistical tales of human trafficking and drowning deaths are not going to stop them.
