Singer Jessie J lost a child: I have no control over my emotions
The famous musician recently split from her lover, Max Pham, but decided to carry the pregnancy to term and raise their joint child as a single mother.
Unfortunately, however, doctors were unable to detect the baby's heartbeat during a recent check-up, Jessie J revealed in a post on Instagram.
"Yesterday morning I was laughing with a friend asking her: "Seriously too, how am I going to make it to a performance tomorrow night in LA without telling the entire audience I'm pregnant?" the singer wrote.
"By lunchtime, however, I was struggling with the thought of how I was going to make it through the performance without collapsing.
During the third pregnancy check-up, I was told that the baby's heart wasn't beating anymore.
This morning.
I feel like I have no control over my emotions.
I may regret making this post later.
I really don't know."
Despite being in deep mourning at the moment, she is determined to make the performance in Los Angeles, believing it will help her.
"I want to sing tonight.
Not because I'm avoiding mourning or the whole process, but because I know that singing tonight will help me," she said.
"I've only done two concerts in two years and my soul needs it.
Tonight more than ever.
I know some people will say I should give it up, but at the moment one thing is clear to me.
I started singing when I was young because it makes me happy, it fills my soul and it's therapeutic.
That hasn't changed and that's the way I have to live things."
Jessie J revealed that she decided to raise her child alone because she was looking forward to becoming a mother.
She knows life is short and getting pregnant was a miracle and an experience she will never forget.
She hopes to conceive again in the future, but for now she is still in shock and extremely sad.
"But I know I am strong and I know everything will be okay," she added.
"I also know that millions of women around the world have felt this pain and worse."
