Prosecutor in the case of the man who stabbed a woman to death: he regretted his actions and voluntarily sought help
On Wednesday, we wrote about the case of Kiur, the man who abused a woman and carelessly caused her death, who was sentenced to two years in prison, suspended for three years and three months.
This means that the man would only have to spend two days behind bars as things stand.
According to district prosecutor Kelly Kruusimägi, this sentence is justified because Kiur repented and voluntarily sought help for his problems.
We publish the prosecutor's comments.
"The evidence gathered during the pre-trial investigation established that Kiur punched the woman once in the face and the victim's death occurred approximately two days later.
The evidence confirms that immediately after the blow and for the next two days, the woman communicated with Kiur.
The following day, the woman left the apartment, moved around and, according to Kiur's testimony, did not realise that the woman may have suffered a medical injury that could be dangerous and require medical intervention.
Assessing the whole event, this is plausible because, as an alcohol abuser, the woman could also have moved about normally with some coordination problems.
Also, the victim was not bloody after the blow and did not complain of anything unusual.
Thus, we did not find intent to kill and the evidence did not point to intent to cause life-threatening injury.
Kiur has no current criminal convictions.
He admitted striking the victim and regretted his actions and that he did not understand the need to call an ambulance.
He voluntarily sought help for his alcohol problem and he is working.
Taking into account all these circumstances, but above all the specific act and the man's previous behaviour, the prosecution asked for a sentence of two years' imprisonment, which will not be enforced unless Kiur commits a new crime within a longer probation period of three years and three months.
The probation period is a period during which the person must prove that he will live law-abidingly in the future, which is one of the aims of the sentence.
This solution was agreed by all parties, including the victim's mother, who also said in her testimony that she did not believe that Kiur wanted her dead."
