European Commission: vaccination certificates valid for 9 months when travelling, indefinitely after booster doses
The European Commission has just proposed to Member States to set time limits for the validity of vaccination certificates for travellers between EU countries.
Under the proposal, the standard period of validity of a vaccination certificate following an initial vaccination cycle should be at least 9 months.
This means that when checking travellers, Member States should not refuse to recognise a vaccination certificate confirming that less than 9 months have elapsed since the last dose of primary vaccination.
As regards booster doses, the Commission proposes that the 9-month validity period should not apply to certificates issued after a booster dose.
This means that, at least initially, certificates obtained after a booster dose should be valid indefinitely.
"It is possible that protection after booster doses lasts longer than after primary vaccination, so the Commission is closely monitoring new scientific evidence on this issue.
On this basis, the Commission may at a later stage propose to introduce an appropriate period of validity for vaccination certificates issued after the booster dose," the Commission said.
In order to allow sufficient time for the implementation of the new regime, the Commission proposes to apply the updates from 10 January 2022.
Didier Reynders, the Commission's justice commissioner, said at a press conference today that only vaccines approved by the European Medicines Agency will be accepted, and therefore certificates issued in Hungary, for example, where people have been given Russian Sputnik or Chinese vaccines, will not be valid.
To date, more than 650 million vaccination certificates have been issued in the EU.
The Commission also found that a person who holds a valid EU digital COVID certificate should not, as a general rule, be subject to testing, quarantine or other additional restrictions, regardless of the region of the EU from which they arrive.
People without an EU digital COVID could be allowed to travel on the basis of a pre-arrival or post-arrival test.
The EU CVV card will be updated as follows: the new cases indicator will be looked at together with the vaccination coverage in the region.
Travellers arriving from green areas should not be subject to any restrictions.
On the other hand, in dark red areas, given the high number of infected people, it should be recommended to avoid travelling in either direction and travellers who are not vaccinated and have not had the disease should be required to be tested and remain quarantined.
Exemptions should apply to cross-border commuters, children under the age of 12 and people with an unavoidable travel need.
The Commission considers that the list of persons with unavoidable travel needs should be limited, as many of the travellers currently on the list have in the meantime had the opportunity to be vaccinated.
