Migratory pressure intensifies: Finnish businesses in Estonia are also complaining and tax hikes are threatened
It's sad that the Reform Party's immigration plans are being targeted at Finns, who complain that there is a shortage of labour in Estonia, while Estonians are working for their northern neighbours - so let them bring Estonians back home, to Finnish companies here.
The media, on the other hand, is banging on every day about the labour shortage, which is probably a new propaganda campaign to get people used to immigration.
So writes BNS.
"Estonian and Finnish companies have a common problem, where the country with an ageing population is facing an increasing shortage of skilled labour," Minister of Enterprise and Information Technology Andres Sutt, who attended the meeting, said in a press release.
"At the same time, we see a similar solution on both sides of the coin that recruiting skilled workers from abroad who share our values and ensuring tax compliance is the only short-term solution to the growing skills crisis," he added.
Andres Sutt could look more closely at Finland - they are solving their labour problems with the help of Somalis and other "skilled workers" from the Moors - and say whether the Reform Party also sees a way out in them.
The minister also does not want to take up the issue that behind the talk of 'Estonian and Finnish companies have a common problem' there are also Estonians who emigrated during the previous slave party government.
This is illustrated by the threat: "According to the Ministry of Economic Affairs and Communications, there will be around 31 000 fewer people of working age in Estonia in five years' time, and the alternative to increasing the state's revenue base would be to raise taxes."
In other words, it is feared that if you do not agree with the foreigners, taxes will rise and you will not get a pension.
"However, it is 'forgotten' that migrant workers drive down the wages of Estonian people.
In the meantime, such threats had subsided, but only a few years ago there were reports of tens of thousands of workers being missing in construction, agriculture and elsewhere in 2040 - as if there would be no technological progress in 20 years and even in that year all work would be done by hand.
