Supreme Judge: general government orders cannot be so extensive
General government orders imposing various restrictions and rules during the corona pandemic should be more limited in scope, said Ivo Pilving, the Supreme Court judge.
"One limit we referred to, and the Tallinn District Court has already referred to, is that the general orders of the governments - imposing all the requirements of the corona passport today - that their limit must at some point come to an end.
Because the very nature of a general order is that its legal scope must still be limited in some way.
It cannot be as general as a single law.
And if it is not limited in some other way, such as for a certain group of persons or something like that, then it must be limited in time," Pilving, President of the Administrative Chamber of the Supreme Court, told a press conference on Thursday.
"It is not possible to take a position at the moment on whether that time has already passed today or will pass tomorrow or the day after - that is what these disputes are already in the courts for, and the truth will be revealed there.".
But somewhere there is a limit to the government's use of this instrument, and here the complainants' criticism is also to a certain extent correct, that the legislature cannot really distance itself from these issues." Pilving continued
A general government order is a special type of administrative act, whereby restrictions imposed can only be challenged in court by each individual person, and the corresponding court decision does not apply to all objects of the restriction, but only to the person who challenged it.
The widespread use of general orders has been criticised by former Chancellor of Justice Allar Jõks.
The Supreme Court judge stressed, however, that the dispute on which the Supreme Court made its decision public on Thursday is different.
"It concerns one institution - a very special one, but one institution nonetheless, the Defence Forces - and the rule of law is a bit looser here because it does not concern everyone.
It concerns Estonian men and women working in the Defence Forces, and the head of the respective institution may also impose requirements on a limited group of persons under the Occupational Health and Safety Act as it is understood today," Pilving said.
He explained that the case law of the Supreme Court so far indicates that the more extensive, deeper, more intensive a restriction or obligation is, the more work the parliament has to do with it.
"To the point that some obligations are such that they have to be regulated definitively by law," the judge noted.
"But on the other hand, the issue of vaccination and the pandemic, which is going in waves and where there is a need for a rapid response, then that again speaks in favour of executive discretion and in favour of government discretion.
And also, when we talk about the agencies and the requirements [to be imposed on] the people working in them, then there is room, according to the understanding of the Supreme Court today, for the orders of the heads of these agencies, if the circumstances are there," he added.
