A new and "truly terrifying" variant of the coronavirus B.1.1.529 has been detected in Botswana.
A new variant of coronavirus B.1.1.529 with as many as 32 spike protein mutations has been identified in Botswana, and it is not yet known whether the antibodies available in humans will be able to respond to it effectively.
So far, only a handful of infections with this variant have been recorded as a result of sequencing - three in Botswana, six in South Africa and one in Hong Kong.
So the researchers hope that COVID cases caused by the new variant will not be widespread," Sky News reports.
Imperial College London virologist Tom Peacock called the number of mutations detected in the variant "truly appalling":
Oligogens are what viruses use to enter human cells, and the rationale behind most vaccines is to train the human body to recognise and neutralise them.
Therefore, spike protein mutations can be problematic for mRNA vaccines.
Professor Francois Balloux, University of London, said the new variant should be closely monitored and its spread analysed.
"But there is no cause for undue concern unless its incidence increases in the near future," he said.
The professor added that the abundance of mutations in B.1.1.529 could be due to the fact that it "developed during a chronic illness in an immunocompromised person, perhaps an untreated HIV/AIDS patient".
The first cases of infection with this variant were identified in Botswana on 11 November and in South Africa three days later.
In Hong Kong, a 36-year-old man was found to have tested negative for PCR before flying from Hong Kong to South Africa, where he stayed from 22 October to 11 November.
He tested negative on his return to Hong Kong but tested positive on 13 November.
The Guardian writes that some South African virologists are already worried, especially given the recent increase in cases in Gauteng, where B.1.1.529 cases have been detected.
Ravi Gupta, a professor of clinical microbiology at Cambridge University, told the publication that his lab found that two mutations in B.1.1.529 increased the infectivity of the virus and reduced its recognition by antibodies.
