German elite brands lead the way with the highest number of cars with revised mileages
Reversing mileage is one of the most common scams in the used car market.
It is a dishonest way of increasing the price of a used vehicle and damaging its value.
A recent study by carVertical showed that buyers of elite German brands are most at risk of buying a car with a modified odometer reading.
Top 10 models with the most frequently revised mileage: the BMW M5 tops the list.
The list of cars with the highest recalled mileage was compiled by the IT company carVertical, which analysed more than 700,000 used car history reports generated between November 2020 and November 2021.
18 different markets were examined, including Poland, Romania, Hungary, France, Slovenia, Slovakia, Czech Republic, Lithuania, Latvia, Estonia, Ukraine, Bulgaria, Serbia, Germany, Croatia, Russia, the United States and Italy.
The mileage data shows that the BMW M5 is the car with the highest number of altered odometer readings; more than a third of used vehicles were linked to possible fraud.
This isolated statistic does not reflect the scale of the problem of odometer tampering with BMWs - as CarVertical's automotive expert Matas Buzelis recently pointed out, the whole list is dominated by different BMW models:
"Half of the top 10 list is occupied by cars from this manufacturer.
The indicator correlates with the demand for used BMWs in different markets.
The data also shows that more expensive cars are more likely to have a modified mileage, a fact that should be taken into account when looking for a used vehicle.
This is where the mileage check comes in handy."
The BMW 7 Series and Subaru Outback come second and third in the revised mileage rankings, with 33.4% and 31.8% respectively.
The Audi A8 was the fifth most frequently mileage-cheated car, while its sportier sibling, the A7, came in tenth, with just over a quarter (25.8 per cent) of such vehicles having artificially reduced mileage, according to the survey.
Matas Buzelis explains that the higher prevalence of higher-end vehicles in the list of vehicles with modified odometric readings is primarily due to the higher potential margins on the sale of such used cars.
Reversing the odometer is a relatively cheap and simple method that gives dishonest car dealers an additional profit opportunity.
For a longer list of the 20 most frequently recalled cars, see the full survey.
Most recalled models by year of production: older cars are at higher risk of being defrauded.
Research shows that it is important to check the mileage when buying a used car, especially for older vehicles.
The most popular models with modified odometers were produced between 2006 and 2016.
However, car expert Matas Buzelis stresses that there is a correlation between the possibility of fraud and the price of the car:
"The list of cars with the most frequently revised odometric readings is mainly made up of elite cars, but there are also mainstream models, although their share is lower than the total number of cars with revised odometric readings.
Subaru, Ford and Volkswagen cars are in the same age group as the higher-end vehicles.
It appears that cars between 5 and 15 years old are most likely to have had their mileage rolled back.
