The sad fate of Johannes Varese: was it suicide or was he taken from life?
Did Johannes Vares shoot himself, mainly because he was nobler than death?
Or was he forced or intimidated into suicide?
Or was he put out of action because he resisted, not physically, but mentally...?
Peeter Olesk discusses the life and death of Vares-Barbarus in his latest book.
When Johannes Vares, the poet Johannes Barbarus (12 January 1890-29 November 1946), was found dead in the bathroom of his Kadriorg apartment in the early hours of the morning, he was not, of course, shaving with a pocketknife, but probably with a razor, some kind of cream and a wax brush.
It could not have been a difficult or painful morning toilet, because he probably shaved every day, but of course he had several kinds of cologne water by the mirror, and liquids to remove the bloody traces of his incision.
The question is whether he wrote the two pre-mortem letters before he went in front of the mirror or afterwards, with his chin already shaved.
The answer to this question would help us to find out at what time Johannes Varese went to bed on the morning of the day of his death, how much time he had to write his farewell letters and where he did so.
A desk, white sheets of paper, an inkpot and a pen are not the usual things in a bathroom!
It takes about an hour to write two rather long, yet extremely personal letters.
Shaving, brushing his teeth and rinsing his gullet might take twenty minutes, but what John Crow could not have known was the length of time it would take to search for him and who would be the first to find his body.
Given these circumstances, I am inclined to think that the farewell notes were prepared before death arrived, at the latest the previous evening.
Consequently, they were written deliberately, not affectively.
According to Nigol Andresen's oral report, Johannes Vares did not want to live as an invalid at the end of his life.
It could be inferred from this that he knew the course of his illness.
However, the word 'invalid' does not necessarily imply an outwardly visible disability; it can also mean incapacity for work or dismissal from work for health reasons.
