Chinese company: State Council passes discriminatory and anti-competitive law
Chinese technology company Huawei is making no secret of its displeasure with the electronic communications law passed by the State Council yesterday, which leaves the executive with the power to discriminate against companies purely on the basis of the country in which they are headquartered.
"Based on the law, it can be expected that obtaining a licence for the use of a manufacturer's hardware and software from a non-EU, non-NATO or non-OECD country may prove significantly more difficult than for a manufacturer whose headquarters are in a member state of the aforementioned organisations," said Ben Chang Bin, head of Huawei Technologies Estonia.
According to Huawei's statement, the presumption that a hardware and software manufacturer used in a communications network is linked to a specific country is not justified, as all large companies operate internationally and their supply chains are similar.
It also said that technology security can be ensured through "transparent and proportionate measures, avoiding undue discrimination between market players and without distorting competition".
Under the new version of the Electronic Communications Act, the Building Code and the State Fees Act, the government has the power to impose an obligation on telecoms operators to apply for a licence to use the hardware and software of the telecoms network in order to ensure national security.
This authorisation is also granted through the security authorities.
The list of hardware and software covered by the prohibition is so long that it is unlikely that there is a country or manufacturer in the world that can meet the requirements imposed by Estonia.
For example, a company may be experiencing supply difficulties, a cyber-attack from its home country or a product may have experienced security failures.
The manufacturer is located or headquartered in a country that is not a member of the European Union, NATO or the OECD.
The manufacturer's country of establishment does not respect the rule of law or human rights.
The country of establishment does not protect the intellectual property, personal data or trade secrets of persons in another country.
The country where the manufacturer is located behaves aggressively in cyberspace.
The producer's host country has been attributed cyber attacks by EU, NATO or OECD member states.
The manufacturer is subject to the independent judicial control of the government or public authority of the host country or another foreign country.
The producer's country of establishment or other foreign state may oblige the producer to act in a manner that threatens the security of the Estonian state.
The economic activities of the manufacturer are not based on market-based competition or the conditions for such competition are not sufficiently developed in the host country.
The ownership, organisational structure or management structure of the producer is not transparent.
The financing of the producer is not transparent.
The manufacturer's products or services contain security vulnerabilities and adequate security measures have not been implemented to address them.
The manufacturer is unable to ensure the supply of the products or services on a consistent basis, except for reasons of force majeure.
Following the decision of the Riigikogu, Estonia can now finally launch an auction of 5G frequencies for telecoms companies.
Estonia is at the bottom of the European Union in terms of 5G deployment.
