Paul Oja: the grim visions of the future in Tom Clancy's brawling novels also spoke of pandemics
In the 1960s, Soviet science fiction gradually began to break out of the obscure latticework of carving its way around purely technical minutiae or fighting pests.
On the one hand, bright visions of a happy communist future for mankind began to be constructed (Ivan Yefremov's Andromeda's Fog in 1957, Arkady and Boris Strugatsky's The Noon in 1962), while on the other hand, Western fantasy, or dystopias of future wars, acts of terror or pandemics created in the conditions of rampant capitalism, were condemned.
Most of the time, the cry was still: "In the year 2000...!".
As we all know, Soviet communism, with its bright visions of the future, disappeared into the black hole of history even before that magical year.
But the sharp-witted Western writers are still providing food for thought with their work.
Tom Clancy, a skilful and prolific cultivator of the technothriller, or technical brawler, kept a sharp eye on world events.
In 1975, a Soviet missile carrier tried to escape from the port of Riga to Sweden, but was forced to stop 50 miles short of the Swedish territorial waters.
In 1984, Clancy's thriller The Hunt of Red October, which may have been inspired by this event, was published and became a worldwide bestseller.
"The Patriot Games (1987) is about the terrorist activities of the Irish Liberation Army.
"Against the backdrop of Reagan's strategic defence initiative, The Cardinal of the Kremlin (1988) sheds light on the arms race between the US and the Soviet Union in space, with the plot as a side-line to the hopelessly deadlocked Soviet war in Afghanistan.
"Clear and Present Danger (1989) depicts the war against drug barons in the forests of Colombia and in the offices of Washington, while The Sum of All Fears (1991) examines what would happen if terrorists in the Middle East gained possession of a nuclear payload.
Gradually, however, the temporal relationship between Tom Clancy and the material he was dealing with began to change.
Close observation of world developments made it possible to predict some of the key events - albeit in the form of black scenarios which, sadly, had a tendency to turn from thriller to reality.
At the end of the novel Debt of Honor, a terrorist rams the White House in a large passenger plane just as a congressional session with the President is taking place.
The novel was published in 1994; we know well what happened on 9 September 2001.
All the threatening visions painted by Clancy have not come true.
The great war between China and Russia described in the 2000 novel The Bear and the Dragon has not happened.
More?
Contrary to Francis Fukuyama and the perestroika-era exorcism of the Prophet Priscilla, history is far from over....
In the novel Executive Orders, 1996, the US is attacked with a bacterial weapon in an attempt to bring about the collapse of the country through an epidemic.
The epidemic is quickly eradicated thanks to universal vaccination.
In the novel, it is much easier to think up a vaccine that really works than it is in reality.
In Rainbow Six, 1998, the threat is much more serious.
A top scientist, who is also the head of one of the world's largest pharmaceutical companies, has gathered around him a band of venomous masterminds determined to wipe out most of the world's population in a pandemic - to save the planet from the disastrous consequences of human activity.
Ebola is being used as the basis for the development of a guaranteed killer virus.
At the same time, two vaccines are being created.
Vaccine A really does protect against the disease.
It is injected into like-minded and otherwise trustworthy or necessary people before the virus starts to spread.
Vaccine B, on the other hand, is intended to be generally marketed soon after the pandemic.
It appears to offer some protection, but in fact it is intended to spread the disease further, so as to be sure to come close to the original objectives.
The virus is planned to be spread through an air humidification system at the Olympic stadium in Australia's hot weather.
Brave counter-terrorism fighters from the Rainbow group, with the help of a former KGB officer, get their hands on the virus at the last moment, humanity is spared the evil disease and life goes on as before.
