The prosecutor in the case of the man who beat the woman to death: he regretted his act and voluntarily sought help
On Wednesday, we wrote about the case where Kiuri, who abused a woman and caused her death due to negligence, was asked to be sentenced to two years in prison with three years and three months of probation.
This means that the man had to spend only two days behind bars as of now.
According to District Prosecutor Kelly Kruusimägi, such a punishment is justified because Kiur regretted the act and voluntarily sought help for his problems.
We publish the prosecutor's comment.
"Evidence gathered during the pre-trial investigation established that Kiur punched the woman once in the face and the victim died approximately two days later.
The evidence confirms that immediately after the blow and in the following two days, the woman communicated with Kiuri.
The woman left the apartment the next day, moved around, and according to Kiuri's testimony, he did not realize that she might have a health impairment that could be dangerous and require medical intervention.
Assessing the whole event, it is vitally believable, because as an alcohol abuser, the woman could also move normally with certain coordination disorders.
Also, the victim was not bloody after the impact and did not complain of anything unusual.
Thus, we found no intent to kill, and the evidence did not indicate an intent to cause life-threatening injury.
Kiuri has no valid criminal convictions.
He admitted hitting the victim and regretted his actions and that he did not realize the need to call an ambulance.
He voluntarily sought help for his alcohol problem and is working.
Considering all these circumstances, but above all the specific act and the man's previous behavior, the prosecution asked for a two-year prison sentence, which will not be executed if Kiur does not commit a new crime during a longer probationary period of three years and three months.
Probation is a period during which a person must prove that he will live law-abidingly in the future, which is one of the goals of punishment.
All parties agreed to such a solution, including the victim's mother, who also said in her testimony that she did not believe that Kiur wanted the woman to die."
