Paul Oja: The dark visions of the future in Tom Clancy's skirmish novels also talked about the pandemic
In the 1960s, Soviet science fiction began to gradually break out of the dense thicket of carving around purely technical trifles or fighting vermin.
On the one hand, bright visions of a happy communist future for humanity began to be constructed (Ivan Jefremov's "Andromeda Nebula" 1957, Arkady and Boriss Strugatski's "Midday" 1962), on the other hand, Western fantasy, i.e. dystopias created under conditions of rampant capitalism, about future wars, acts of terrorism or pandemics were condemned.
Most of the time they still say: "In the year 2000...!"
So what is all and what is to come... As we know, Soviet communism, together with its bright visions of the future, disappeared into the black hole of history even before this magical number of years.
Sharper-eyed Western writers, however, still offer food for thought with their works.
Tom Clancy, a skilled and prolific cultivator of technothrillers, or technical skirmish literature, kept a steely eye on world events.
In 1975, a Soviet missile carrier tried to escape from the port of Riga, Sweden, but was forced to stop 50 miles before Swedish territorial waters.
In 1984, Clancy's thriller The Hunt of Red October, which may have been inspired by this event, became a worldwide bestseller.
The Invisible Enemy (Patriot Games, 1987) is about the terrorist activities of the Irish Liberation Army.
"The Cardinal of the Kremlin" (1988) sheds light on the US-US arms race in space against the backdrop of Reagan's strategic defense initiative, with the US's hopelessly stalled war in Afghanistan as a sideline.
"Clear and Present Danger" (1989) describes the war against drug lords in the forests of Colombia and in the offices of Washington, "The Sum of All Fears" (1991) explores what would happen if terrorists in the Middle East got hold of a nuclear charge.
Little by little, however, the time relationship between Tom Clancy and the material he dealt with began to change.
Close monitoring of world trends made it possible to predict some key events - unfortunately in the form of black scenarios, which sadly had a tendency to turn from a thriller into reality.
At the end of the novel Debt of Honor ("Debt of Honor"), a terrorist rams a large airliner into the White House just as the Congress is in session with the president in attendance.
The novel was published in 1994;we know well what happened on September 9, 2001.
Not all of the menacing visions painted by Clancy have come true.
The great war between China and Russia described in the 2000 novel The Bear and the Dragon has not taken place.
More?
Contrary to the opinion of Francis Fukuyama and the exclamation of the prophetess Priscilla during perestroika, history is not over yet...
In the novel Executive Orders, 1996, the United States is attacked with a bacterial weapon in an attempt to bring about the collapse of the country through an epidemic.
Thanks to general vaccination, the epidemic is quickly extinguished.
It is much easier to come up with a vaccine that actually works in a novel than in reality.
In the novel Rainbow Six, 1998, the threat is much more serious.
A top-level scientist, at the same time the head of one of the world's largest pharmaceutical companies, has gathered around him a group of poison-green like-minded people who have decided to destroy most of the world's population during a pandemic - to save the planet from the disastrous consequences of human activity.
A virus guaranteed to kill is being developed on the basis of Ebola.
Two vaccines are being created at the same time.
Vaccine A really does protect against the disease.
It is injected before the start of spreading the virus to like-minded and otherwise trusted or necessary people.
Vaccine B, on the other hand, is intended to be released to the general market soon after the outbreak of the pandemic.
It seems to provide some kind of protection, but in fact it is intended to further spread the disease in order to definitely get close to the original goals.
The virus is planned to be spread through the air conditioning system in the stadium of the hot-weather Olympic Games in Australia.
With the help of a former KGB officer, brave anti-terrorist fighters from the Rainbow group get a hand at the last moment, humanity escapes the evil disease and life continues as before.
