Latin American prostitutes and illegals also take advantage of Estonia's "openness".
"Openness" has also made Estonia a center of attraction for representatives of the dark side.
BNS writes: On Wednesday, the police deported a woman from Brazil who worked as a prostitute in the capital.
According to the Northern Prefecture of the Police and Border Guard Board, the visa-free stay of a 29-year-old Brazilian woman in Estonia was prematurely terminated on Wednesday, November 24, because she provided sexual services for money in Tallinn.
The woman was ordered to leave Estonia and was banned from entering the Schengen territory for one year.
It's not the first time.
In July of this year, the police deported a woman with Columbian citizenship who worked as a prostitute in Estonia.
At that time, the Northern Prefecture conducted illegal proceedings against a Colombian woman born in 1988 who arrived in Estonia with the aim of providing intimate services.
The woman was ordered to leave the country and banned from entering the country for three years.
In December 2019, the portal Uued Uudid wrote: "The police deported a man with Brazilian citizenship who worked as a prostitute in Tallinn.
On Thursday, an employee of the Northern Border and Migration Surveillance Service conducted an illegal procedure against a Brazilian citizen born in 1998, the Northern Prefecture reported.
The man did not want to cooperate with police officers, and in addition, he had provided sexual services for money in Tallinn.
The man's travel purpose did not match the actual purpose.
The police ended the man's visa-free stay prematurely, he was ordered to leave Estonia and banned from entering Estonia for three years."
Latin Americans have also been found here in Estonia by other routes.
In August of this year, Delfi Ärileht wrote: "4.on the evening of August, a Toyota Yaris car with an Estonian registration number was checked in Tallinn, driven by a Brazilian woman born in 1993.
The woman turned out to be a food courier without a work permit, who will be deported from Estonia.
There was a grocery bag from the courier company in the vehicle, and the woman's phone showed that she had completed the last order less than 10 minutes ago.
The person's short-term employment was not registered in PPA.
The woman's visa was declared invalid and her visa-free stay in Estonia was shortened once.
The woman was ordered to leave Estonia within 15 days and was banned from entering Estonia for 3 months."
