About the sad fate of Johannes Vares: was it a suicide or was he removed from life?
Did Johannes Vares shoot himself mainly to outwit death?
Or was he forced or intimidated to commit suicide?
Or was eliminated from life because he resisted not physically, but mentally...
In his latest piece, Peeter Olesk discusses the life and death of Vares-Barbarus.
When Johannes Vares, poet Johannes Barbarus (12 Jan. 1890-29 Nov. 1946) was found dead in the bathroom of his office apartment in Kadriorg in the early morning, of course he did not shave with a pocket knife, but probably with a razor, some cream and a foam brush.
The toilet in the morning couldn't have been difficult or painful, because he probably shaved every day, but of course he had several types of cologne by the mirror, as well as the corresponding liquids to remove the bloody traces of the cut.
The question is whether he wrote the two letters before his death before going to the mirror or after, with his chin already shaved.
The answer to the posed question would help us to explain what time Johannes Vares fell asleep on the morning of his death, how much time he had to write his farewell letters and where he did it.
A desk, white sheets of paper, an inkwell and a pen are not common things in a bathroom!
It takes about an hour to write two rather long and at the same time extremely personal letters.
It might have taken twenty minutes to shave, brush his teeth and rinse his mouth, but what Johannes Vares could not have known was the length of time after which the search for him would have started and who would find his body first.
Considering these circumstances, I am inclined to think that the letters of farewell were ready before death came, at the latest on the evening of the previous day.
Consequently, they were written consciously, not affectively.
According to Nigol Andresen's oral report, Johannes Vares did not want to live the end of his life as an invalid.
It could be concluded that he knew the course of his illness.
However, the word "disabled" does not necessarily mean an outwardly noticeable disability, it can also mean the loss of working capacity or being released from work for health reasons as an excuse.
