Among the most backed mileage cars, German elite brands are driven by
Running the mileage is one of the most common scams in the car market.
In this way, the price of the vehicle used with dishonest techniques is increased and the value of the car is impaired.
A recent Carvertical study found that buyers of German elite brands are at the greatest risk of purchasing a modified odometer with a car.
Top 10 The most frequently backed mileage model: BMW M5 is on the list first
To determine the most backed mileage, the IT company Carvertical analyzed more than 700,000 used car history reports created between November 2020 and November 2021.
18 different markets were studied, including Poland, Romania, Hungary, France, Slovenia, Slovakia, Czech Republic, Lithuania, Latvia, Estonia, Ukraine, Bulgaria, Serbia, Germany, Croatia, Russia, the United States and Italy.
The passage data show that the BMW M5 is the most modified car with a odometer reading;More than a third of the vehicles used were related to possible fraud.
This stand-alone statistical reading does not reflect the extent of the BMW's odometer re-re-re-re-re-re snippetry problem-such as carvertical car expert Matas Buzelis recently noted, then the whole list is dominated by BMW Different models:
“Half of the top 10 list is occupied by cars of its manufacturer.
The indicator is used in the correlation with the demand of BMW in different markets.
It also reveals that more expensive cars may be more likely to be changed with a transit reader and that this fact must be taken into account when searching for a used vehicle.
This is where the car's mileage is used to control the berry. ”
In the second and third place in the carcassboard with a passed mileage, the BMW 7 Series and Subaru Outback are 33.4 and 31.8 %, respectively.
The Audi A8 was a fifth car with a frequency of mileage, as its more athletic brother A7 achieved tenth place, with just over a quarter (25.8 percent) of such vehicles artificially reduced by mileage.
Matas Buzelis explains that the more frequent representation of higher -class vehicles in the list of modified vehicles with amended Odometer readings is primarily due to the higher possible intermediate rate on the sale of such used cars.
Returning the odometer is a relatively inexpensive and simple method that gives dishonest car dealers the opportunity to earn extra.
The most commonly backed car with the most often re-passage can be found in the whole study.
Most Returned Milk Motellers by Year of Production: The risk of fraud at older cars is greater
Studies show that it is important to check the passage of the car when buying a used car, especially for older vehicles.
The most popular models with modified odometer read were produced between 2006 and 2016.
However, Autokspert Matas Buzel emphasizes that there is a connection between the possibility of fraud and the price range of the car:
“The list of cars with most frequently re -accessed mileage consists mainly of elite -class vehicles, but there are also models of folk car, although their share is smaller than the total number of cars.
Subaru, Ford and Volkswagen cars belong to the same age group as higher class vehicles.
It seems that the passages of 5 to 15 -year -old cars are most likely to be rewinded.
