The twenty-seven migrants who died in the English Channel were immediately thrown into the propaganda mill
The death of twenty-seven migrants in the English Channel this autumn is undoubtedly a great tragedy, but the liberal West immediately threw it into their propaganda, largely to justify their inaction.
The most pharisee move was made by France, whose President Emmanuel Macron on Thursday warned British Prime Minister Boris Johnson against exploiting the migration crisis for political purposes, referring to the boat accident in the English Channel that claimed the lives of 27 people.
However, before that, French President Emmanuel Macron and British Prime Minister Boris Johnson agreed in a telephone conversation on Wednesday to step up action against deadly sea crossings.
"Both leaders were clear that today's tragic loss of life is a stark reminder of the importance of keeping all options on the table to stop these lethal sea crossings and break the business model of the criminal gangs behind them," a British government spokesman said.
Britain is the country to which these people aspire and France is the transit country through which they all rush unhindered and live in tents waiting for human traffickers - Paris should have all the leverage to prevent migrants from using the country as a jumping-off point, not to mention blocking the English Channel to human trafficking.
The British don't want them, the French don't either - so what are the obstacles to closing the migration route?
Five people have been arrested in connection with the sinking of a migrant boat in the English Channel on Wednesday, which claimed the lives of at least 27 people, French Interior Minister Gerald Darmanin announced on Thursday.
According to the prosecutor of Lille, 17 men, seven women and three minors died in a boat that sank near the northern coast of France on Wednesday.
Four suspects of human smuggling were already arrested on Wednesday afternoon, Darmanin specified.
The French authorities did not mince words to express their alleged weakness, while the traffickers could not operate without state support - and that support comes both from maintaining the Manche migration route (which could be closed) and from creating a fertile ground for human trafficking by allowing mass migration as a state policy..
President Emmanuel Macron said on Wednesday night that France would not allow the English Channel to become a "cemetery" and vowed that authorities would find those responsible for the tragedy.
French prosecutors opened a murder investigation.
The president does not consider himself to be guilty, although it is during his rule that France has been flooded with migrants.
French Interior Minister Gerald Darmian called for a "tough international response".
He said that four people suspected of direct involvement in the incident have been arrested.
"The criminal nature of the smugglers organizing these crossings cannot be condemned enough," he added.
"This disaster on the strait is a tragedy," Prime Minister Jean Castex tweeted.
"My thoughts are with the missing and the victims who fell victim to the criminal smugglers who are abusing their distress and misery."
The pharisee stories of the French authorities do not prevent human trafficking and drowning deaths.
