European Commission: vaccination certificates should be valid for 9 months when traveling, indefinitely after the booster dose
The European Commission has just proposed to member states to establish deadlines for the validity of vaccination certificates for travelers between European Union countries.
According to the proposal, the standard validity of the vaccination certificate issued after the first vaccination cycle should be at least 9 months.
This means that, when screening travelers, Member States should not refuse to recognize proof of vaccination that confirms that less than 9 months have passed since the last dose of primary vaccination.
As for booster doses, according to the Commission's proposal, the 9-month validity period should not apply to certificates issued after a booster dose.
This means that evidence obtained after a booster dose should be valid indefinitely, at least initially.
"It is possible that after a booster dose, protection lasts longer than after primary vaccination, so the Commission will closely monitor new scientific data on this issue.
Based on this, the commission may later propose to establish a suitable validity period also for vaccination certificates issued after the booster dose," the commission noted.
In order to give enough time to implement the new regime, the Commission proposes to start applying the updates from 10 January 2022.
Didier Reynders, Commissioner for Justice of the Commission, stated at today's press conference that only vaccines approved by the European Medicines Agency are accepted, and thus, for example, the certificates issued in Hungary, where people have been administered Russian Sputnik or Chinese vaccines, are not valid.
More than 650 million vaccination certificates have been issued in the EU to date.
The Commission also found that a person with a valid EU digital COVID ID should not, as a general rule, be subject to testing, quarantine or other additional restrictions, regardless of which region of the EU they arrive from.
People without an EU digital COVID ID could be allowed to travel based on a pre- or post-arrival test.
The EU traffic light map will be updated as follows: the indicator of new cases will be looked at together with the level of vaccination in the region.
Passengers arriving from green areas should not be subject to any restrictions.
On the other hand, in the case of dark red areas, considering the large number of infected people, it should be recommended to avoid travel in both directions, and travelers who have not been vaccinated or have had the disease should be required to be tested and quarantined.
Exceptions should apply to cross-border commuters, children under 12 and people with an unavoidable travel need.
According to the commission, the list of people with an unavoidable need to travel should be limited, because many travelers currently on the list have had the opportunity to get vaccinated in the meantime.
