Migration pressure is getting stronger: Finnish entrepreneurs in Estonia have also been made to complain and are threatened with an increase in taxes
It is sad and funny when the Reform Party's immigration plans are blamed on the Finns, who complain that there is a lack of labor in Estonia, while the Estonians work for their northern neighbors - let them bring the Estonians back home, to the Finnish companies here.
However, the media trumpets the labor shortage every day, which is probably a new propaganda campaign to get people used to immigration.
This is what BNS writes: At the meeting of the Finnish-Estonian Chamber of Commerce held on Tuesday, foreign entrepreneurs operating in Estonia saw the lack of labor as the biggest drawback of the Estonian economic environment.
"Estonian and Finnish companies have a common problem, where there is an increasing lack of skilled labor in a country with an aging population," said Andres Sutt, Minister of Entrepreneurship and Information Technology, who participated in the meeting, in a press release.
"At the same time, we see as a similar solution on both sides that recruiting skilled workers from abroad who share common values with us and ensuring tax compliance is the only short-term solution to the growing skilled labor crisis," he added.
Andres Sutt could look more intently towards Finland - they are solving labor problems with the help of Somalis and other Moorish "skilled workers" - and say whether the Reform Party also sees a way out in them.
The minister also does not want to bring up the topic that behind the story "Estonian and Finnish companies have a common problem" are Estonians who emigrated during the previous government of the Squirrel Party.
This story is illustrated by a threat: "According to the Ministry of Economy and Communications (MKM), there will be approximately 31,000 less people of working age in Estonia in five years, and an alternative to increasing the state's revenue base would be to raise taxes."
In other words, they are scared that if they do not agree with strangers, taxes will rise and they will not get a pension.
However, it is "forgotten" that migrant workers undercut the wages of Estonian people.
In the meantime, such threats had subsided, but only a few years ago it was written about how tens of thousands of workers in construction, agriculture and other fields would be missing in 2040 - as if there would be no technological development in 20 years, and in the aforementioned year too, all work would be done by hand.
