Singer Jessie J lost a child: I have no control over my emotions
The well-known musician recently broke up with her lover, Max Pham, but decided to carry the pregnancy to term and raise their common child as a single mother.
Unfortunately, doctors were unable to detect the baby's heartbeat during a recent examination, Jessie J revealed in a post on Instagram.
"Yesterday morning, I was laughing with a friend, asking her: 'Seriously, how am I going to make it to the show tomorrow night in LA without telling the entire audience that I'm pregnant?'" the singer wrote.
"However, in the afternoon, I struggled with the thought of how I would cope with this performance without collapsing.
During the third prenatal visit, I was told that the baby's heart was no longer beating.
Today morning.
I feel like I have no control over my emotions.
I might regret making this post later.
I don't really know."
Despite the fact that she is in deep grief at the moment, he has decided to perform in Los Angeles, believing that it will help her.
“I want to sing tonight.
Not because I'm avoiding grieving or the whole process, but because I know that singing tonight will help me," she said.
"I've only done two concerts in two years and my soul needs it.
Today more than before.
I know some people are saying I should stop it, but one thing is clear to me at the moment.
I started singing when I was young because it makes me happy, fills my soul and is therapeutic.
It hasn't changed and I have to go through things that way."
Jessie J revealed that she decided to raise her child alone because she was really looking forward to becoming a mother.
She knows life is short and getting pregnant was a miracle and an experience she will never forget.
She hopes that she will be able to conceive again in the future, but right now she is still in shock and extremely sad.
"But I know I'm strong and I know everything's going to be okay," she added.
"I also know that millions of women around the world have felt this pain and worse."
