A new and "truly terrifying" variant of the coronavirus, B.1.1.529, has been identified in Botswana
A new variant of the coronavirus, B.1.1.529, with as many as 32 spike protein mutations has been identified in Botswana, and it is not yet known whether existing antibodies in humans can effectively respond to it.
So far, only a handful of infections with this variant have been recorded as a result of sequencing - three in Botswana, six in South Africa and one in Hong Kong.
Thus, scientists hope that the cases of COVID caused by the new virus variant will not be widespread, I write Sky News.
Tom Peacock, a virologist at Imperial College London, called the number of mutations discovered in the variant "truly terrifying":
Spike proteins are what viruses use to enter human cells, and most vaccines work by training the human body to recognize and neutralize them.
Therefore, spike protein mutations may prove problematic for mRNA vaccines.
Professor Francois Balloux of the University of London said that the new variant should be carefully monitored and its spread analyzed.
"But there's no reason to worry too much unless the incidence increases in the near future," he said.
The professor added that the abundance of mutations in B.1.1.529 may be because it "evolved during a chronic disease in an immunocompromised person, perhaps in an untreated HIV/AIDS patient".
The first cases of infection with this variant were detected in Botswana on November 11 and in South Africa three days later.
A 36-year-old man was found in Hong Kong with a negative PCR test before flying from Hong Kong to South Africa, where he stayed from October 22 to November 11.
He gave a negative test when he returned to Hong Kong, but on November 13, the test result was already positive.
The Guardian writes that some virologists in South Africa are already concerned, especially given the recent increase in the number of cases in Gauteng, where cases of B.1.1.529 have been detected.
Ravi Gupta, professor of clinical microbiology at the University of Cambridge, told the publication that his lab found that two mutations in B.1.1.529 increased the infectivity of the virus and reduced virus recognition by antibodies.
