Chinese company: the Parliament has passed a discriminatory law that hurts competition
The Chinese technology company Huawei does not hide the fact it does not like the electronic communications law that was passed in the Parliament yesterday - apparently, it gives the executives the opportunity to discriminate entrepreneurs based purely on what country their head office is located in.
Ben Chang Bin, director of Huawei Tehcnologies Eesti, said, "The law makes it safe to assume that getting a licence to use hardware and software from a producer in a country outside of the European Union, NATO or OECD may be significantly more difficult than from a producer whose head office is located in a country that belongs to one of those."
According to Huawei's statement, connecting the producer of the hardware and software used in communications to a specific country is not reasonable because all major companies are international and have similar supply chains.
The company's assessment states that the technology's safety can also be guaranteed by "transparent and proportional methods and avoiding baseless discrimation of participants and hurting competition".
The new version of the electronical communications, building code and state fees law states that the government has the right to make it mandatory for the communication companies to apply for approval to use hardware and software.
The approval must go through the authorities.
The list of cases where software and hardware is banned is so long that there are probably no countries or producers in the whole world to meet the requirements in Estonia.
For example, it is enough for a company to have supply problems, cyber attacks from its mother country or another product of theirs having security issues.
The producer or its head office is in a country that does not belong in the European Union, NATO or OECD.
The producing country does not follow the principles of a democratic country or violates human rights.
The producing country does not protect another country's people's intellectual property, personal data or business secrets.
The producing country has an aggressive cyber behaviour.
There have been cyber attacks on countries belonging to the EU, NATO or OECD in the producing country.
The producer obeys the government or other state institution of the country of their location or another foreign country with no judicial inspection.
The country where the producer is located or another foreign country might force it to endanger Estonian security.
The producer's economic activity is not based on market competition or there are no sufficient conditions for it in the country it is located in.
The producer's ownership structure, organisational structure or leadership structure is not transparent.
The producer's funding is not transparent.
The producer's products or services have security vulnerabilities and there have been no sufficient security measures taken to eliminate them.
The producer is not capable of consistently supplying products or services, except in the case of force majeure.
After the Parliament's decision, Estonia can finally have an auction of 5G frequencies of telecommunication companies.
Estonia is the last European Union country to start using 5G.
