German luxury car brands lead the way with the highest number of cars with reversed mileage
Odometer rollbacks are among the most popular used car market schemes.
This method is used to raise the price of a used car while lowering its value.
A recent carVerticali study showed that buyers purchasing a German luxury brand car are at a higher risk of buying a car with a rolled back odometer.
TOP 10 cars with the highest odds of a rolled back odometer: the BMW M5 tops the list
The IT company carVertical analysed the history of more than 700,000 used cars from reports created between November 2020 and November 2021 in their search to compile a list of cars with the highest likelihood of reversed mileage.
The study included 18 different markets including Poland, Romania, Hungary, France, Slovenia, Slovakia, Czech Republic, Lithuania, Latvia, Estonia, Ukraine, Bulgaria, Serbia, Germany, Croatia, Russia, United States of America and Italy.
Mileage records show that the BMW M5 is the car with the most frequently tampered odometer. More than one third of the used vehicles were linked to suspected fraud.
This statistic does not represent the true extent of the issue BMW faces in regard to rolled back odometers. CarVertical's car expert Matas Buzelis recently noted that the entire list is dominated by different BMW models:
"Half of the TOP 10 list is taken up by this brand's cars.
The figure reflects the demand for used BMW cars in various markets.
The data also revealed that more expensive cars are linked to higher likelihoods of tampered mileage indicators which is a factor that needs to be taken into consideration when buying a used vehicle.
A mileage inspection is needed at this point."
The second and third place on the list of cars with highest frequency of reversed mileage are occupied respectively by BMW 7 Series with 33.4 percent and Subaru Outback with 31.8 percent.
Audi A8 was the 5th most frequent car to be linked to mileage fraud while its twin A7 landed on 10th place. Over a quarter (25.8 percent) of the former had their mileage artificially reversed.
The more frequent representation of luxury vehicles in lists of cars with tampered odometers results from a higher possible cut received in marking up the cars, as explained by Matas Buzelis.
It is relatively easy and cheap for dishonest car dealers to increase their earnings by rolling back the odometer.
A full list of the 20 most frequent cars with rolled back odometres can be found in the study.
Most frequent cars with rolled back odometers by date of manufacture: older cars are linked to a higher likelihood of fraud
Studies show that it is important to conduct a mileage inspection, especially with older cars.
The most popular cars linked to reversed mileage were manufactured between the years 2006 and 2016.
Car expert Matas Buzelis further emphasises the connection between likelihood of fraud and the price of the car:
"Although regular cars are also represented in small percentages that fall below the total of tampered cars, the list of cars with most frequent cases of reversed mileage is composed mainly of luxury vehicles.
Subaru, Ford and Volkswagen also fall into the same age category as luxury cars.
It seems that cars between the ages of 5 to 15 years have the highest likelihood of having a rolled back odometer."
