Chief Justice: the government’s general orders must have limits
The government’s general orders, which have been used to set various restrictions and rules during the pandemic, should have limits to them, said the Chief Justice, Ivo Pilving.
"One of these limits we referred to, and even the Tallinn Circuit Court has referred to this, is that the government's general orders – which were the basis for all the COVID certificate requirements – those orders have to have a limit.
General orders need to have some juridical restrictions by their nature.
They cannot be universal like a law would be.
And if these limits do not refer a group of people or something, for example, then they have to refer to a time limit," said Pilving, the Chairman of the Administrative Chamber of the Supreme Court, on Thursday’s press conference.
"I cannot currently say whether this has already been met today or will be met tomorrow or the next day – this is why these debates are already in court so the truth will be out soon.
But there is a limit to the government’s use of this instrument, which somewhat validates the complaints of criticisers that not even the legislator can distance themselves from these topics," continued Pilving.
General orders are a special type of administrative act, by which the restrictions imposed can be challenged in court only by an individual, with the corresponding court judgment not extending to all the objects of the restriction, but only to the person who has challenged it.
The wide usage of general orders has been criticised by Chancellor of Justice Allar Jõks.
At the same time, the Supreme Court emphasised that the dispute on which the Supreme Court made its decision public on Thursday is still different.
"It concerns one – a special, but still just one institution, the Defence Forces - and there is a slightly looser rule of law here, it does not apply to everyone.
This applies to the Estonian men and women working in the Defence Forces, to whom the head of the respective institution may, to this day, establish obligations based on the Occupational Health and Safety Act," said Pilving.
He elaborated that the practices of the Supreme Court so far suggest that the more extensive, deeper and intensive a restriction or obligation is, the more work the parliament has to do.
"Up to some of these obligations having to be ultimately regulated by law," the Supreme Court judge noted.
"But on the other hand, the issue of vaccination and the pandemic, which comes in waves and requires quick responses, speaks in favour of the decisions of the executive power and the government.
And even if we look at institutions and the demands for the people working in them, then according to the Supreme Court today, in certain circumstances there is room for decrees from the heads of these institutions," he added.
