Paul Oja: Tom Clancy's dark action novels also included futuristic visions of a pandemic
The 1960s brought with them a fresh breath of air among Soviet science fiction novels as they started to slowly break apart from their roots of being overly concerned with technical details or focusing on fighting destruction.
On the one hand, the stories were constructed to revolve around a happy communist future for humanity (Ivan Yefremov's 1957 "Andromeda Nebula", Arkady and Boris Strugatsky 1962 "Noon") while on the other hand they focused on condemning the West's idealism by criticising the dystopic future that emerges from a rotting capitalist regime with its wars, terrorist acts or pandemics.
Most common speculations involved the phrase, "In the year 2000..."
So, which future do we live in and what is yet to come? ... Indeed, Soviet communism met its end and disappeared into the depths of history far before this magical date.
Though sharp Western authors still provide food for thought.
Tom Clancy, a skilled and accomplished author of many technological thrillers or so-called tech action novels, definitely kept a keen eye on world events.
In 1975, a Soviet rocket carrier tried to escape from Riga to Sweden but was stopped only 50 nautical miles before the maritime boundaries of Sweden.
Clancy's thriller "The Hunt for Red October" was published in 1984 and became an international bestseller. This event certainly could have served as inspiration for it.
"Patriot Games" (published in 1987) describes the terrorist acts committed by the Irish Republican Army.
"The Cardinal of the Kremlin" (published in 1988) sheds light on the space race between the USA and Soviet Union with Reagan's Strategic Defense Initiative at the forefront while weaving in a side plot concerning the Soviet Union's failed war in Afghanistan.
"Clear and Present Danger" (published in 1989) describes a war against drug lords taking place both in Columbian forests and offices in Washington. "The Sum of All Fears" (published in 1991) dives deep into what would happen if Middle Eastern terrorists would gain possession of a nuclear weapon.
After a while the relation between Tom Clancy's topics and the world's timeline started to change, however.
Paying attention to currents in the world's development made it possible to predict certain key events, which tended to be rather dark and turn from thrilling stories into reality.
The end of the novel "Debt of Honor" describes how a terrorist crashes a plane into the White House during a meeting of Congress while the President is in attendance.
The novel was published in 1994 and we are all too familiar with the events that transpired on 9 September 2001.
The masterful threatening visions of Tom Clancy have not all come true.
The great war between China and Russia described in the 2000 novel "The Bear and the Dragon" is yet to happen.
Another example?
As opposed to the opinion of Francis Fukuyama and the prophet Priscilla's Perestroika-era statement, history has not ended just yet…
The novel "Executive Orders" (published in 1996) depicts events involving a biological attack on the USA with the intention of inducing the fall of the country during the ensuing pandemic.
The pandemic described in the book doesn't last long thanks to the high rate of vaccination.
Creating an effective vaccine is, of course, easier in a book than it is in real life.
The stakes in the novel "Rainbow Six", published in 1998, are much higher.
It depicts the story of a scientist who's at the top of his field as well as a leader of one of the world's biggest pharmaceutical companies and has gathered a group of like-minded people around him. He have taken it on himself to rid the world of most of its population by inducing a pandemic in order to save the planet from a man-made doom.
He creates a new virus based on Ebola that is guaranteed to be lethal.
At the same time, two vaccines are created.
Vaccine A is created to provide true immunity.
This vaccine is only injected to collaborators and other trustworthy or necessary people before the release of the virus.
Vaccine B, on the other hand, is intended for the general public after the pandemic is induced.
Although the virus will appear to provide some kind of protection, it will only serve to further disperse the virus to reach its original goal.
The virus is planned to first spread through the air conditioning of a stadium during the Olympic Games held in the Australian heat.
In the end, a former KGB agent tips off the Rainbow anti-terrorism fighters and so humanity is saved and life goes on as normal.
