A new and "truly horrific" coronavirus variation B.1.1.528 has been found in Botswana.
A new coronavirus variation B.1.1.529 with 32 proteins has been identified in Botswana and it is not yet known whether the antibodies people already have are capable of properly reacting to it.
Only a handful of this variation's infections have been found as a result of sequencing - three in Botswana, six in South Africa and one in Hong Kong.
Therefore, scientists hope that COVID cases caused by this new variation are not common, according to Sky News.
London Imperial College's virologist Tom Peacock called the abundance of mutations discovered on the variation "truly horrific":
Viruses use proteins to enter human cells and most vaccines' aim is to teach the human organism to recognise and neutralise them.
Therefore the protein mutations may be problematic with mRNA vaccines.
London University's professor Francois Balloux said that the new variation should be carefully watched and its spread analysed.
"But there is no reason for excessive concern, except if it continues to spread in the near future," he continued.
The professor added that B.1.1.529's abundance of mutations may be caused by it "developing during an immunodeficient person's chronic illness, maybe an untreated HIV/AIDS patient."
The first COVID cases of this variation were identified in Botswana 11 November and in South Africa three days later.
A 36-year-old man was identified in Hong Kong who had a negative PCR-test before flying from Hong Kong to South Africa where he spent 22 October to 11 November.
His test result when returning was negative but on 13 November, his test result was positive.
According to the Guardian, some South African virologists are already concerned, especially when considering the recent increase in cases in Gauteng, where B.1.1.529 have been identified.
Cambridge University professor of clinical microbiology Ravi Gupta told the newspaper that his lab found that the B.1.1.529's two mutations increased the contagion of the virus and decreased the antibodies' recognisation of the virus.
