Migration pressure increases: Finnish entrepreneurs based in Estonia are not satisfied either and the threat of tax hikes looms large
It is ironic that the Estonian Reform Party uses Finns who complain that the country has a labour shortage as their spokespeople while Estonians are traveling to work in Finland instead. Why not bring them back home to work for Finnish companies that are based here?
At the same time, there is constant media coverage of labour shortages, which appears to be a new propaganda campaign to get people used to immigration.
BNS reports that in one of the meetings of the Finnish-Estonian Chamber of Commerce, foreign entrepreneurs based in Estonia highlighted Estonia's biggest shortfall as the labour shortage.
"Both Estonia and Finland face a similar problem which is the ever increasing skilled workforce shortage brought on by an ageing population," said Andres Sutt, Minister of Entrepreneurship and Information Technology, at the meeting.
"We may yet find a similar solution on both sides of the Gulf. The recruitment of foreign workers with similar values to our own may be the answer to the ever increasing shortage of skilled labor while ensuring tax compliance," he said.
Andres Sutt should study Finland's course of action more carefully and take note of how they are solving the crisis with both Finnish and foreign 'skilled workers' and tell us whether the Estonian Reform Party sees this as a viable option.
The Minister also refuses to comment on the fact that Estonian and Finnish companies are facing the same problem because of the emigration of Estonians that took place during the Reform Party's last term in office.
This topic is clearly illustrated by the following statistic: "According to data from the Ministry of Economic Affairs and Communications, in five years' time there will be 31,000 fewer people of working age and the only alternative for raising the country's revenue base would be to raise taxes."
As a result, we are threatened with higher taxes and no pensions if we don't approve of foreigners.
Yet, they tend to "forget" that bringing in foreign workers causes Estonian wages to fall.
These threats seemed to have disappeared for a while until they resurfaced a few years ago in the form of an article describing the prospective labour shortage in the year 2040 in the fields of construction, agriculture and many others. The writer seems to believe that there will be no technological advancement for the next 20 years, so work will still be done by hand in the aforementioned year.
