The story of the 27 immigrants who perished in the English Channel was promptly picked up by the propaganda machine
While the death of 27 immigrants in the English Channel was undoubtedly tragic, it was promptly picked up by the propaganda machine of the liberal West to justify its own inaction.
The most hypocritical response to the incident was offered by France, whose President Emmanuel Macron cautioned the British Prime Minister Boris Johnson against using the immigration crisis to further their own political agendas while explicitly referring to the boat accident claiming 27 lives in the English Channel.
This was after French President Emmanuel Macron and British Prime Minister Boris Johnshon had agreed on Wednesday over the phone to intensify counteraction to prevent lethal crossings of the Channel.
"Both of the leaders were clear about the tragic loss of life highlighting the importance of moving forward with all measures to prevent lethal crossings and break the criminal business model behind it," said a spokesperson for the British government.
The United Kingdom is the destination, while France is a transit country through which immigrants move freely. It's where they live in camps and wait for human traffickers. Paris should be responsible for preventing immigrants from using France as a transit point, as well as blocking the English Channel from human trafficking.
The Brits don't want them and neither do the French - so what prevents the closure of the migration route?
The French Minister of the Interior Gerald Darmanin announced on Thursday that five people had been arrested in connection with the immigrant boating accident on Wednesday that claimed 27 lives in the English Channel.
Lille's prosecutor confirmed the deaths of 17 men, seven women and three minors who had been on board the sunken boat near the north coast of France.
Darmanin specified that four people were already arrested on suspicion of human trafficking on Wednesday afternoon.
While the French did not hold back in expressing their so-called regret, human traffickers would not be able to operate without the state's support – support which stems from inability to close the English Channel migration route (which would definitely be possible) as well as nurturing human trafficking through policies allowing mass migration through the country.
On Wednesday evening, President Emmanuel Macron stated that France would not allow the English Channel to become a cemetery and vowed that the authorities would find those responsible for this tragedy.
Prosecutors in France have opened a murder investigation.
The President does not hold himself accountable though it has been during his term that France has been allowed to be flooded with migrants.
French Minister of the Interior Gerald Darmian has called for a 'strong international response'.
According to him, four people have been arrested in direct connection with the case.
"We must not judge the criminal nature of the people responsible for organising these crossings lightly," he added.
"The catastrophe on the Channel is tragic," Prime Minister Jean Castex tweeted.
"My thoughts are with the perished and affected who fell victim to the smugglers taking advantage of their misery."
The hypocrisies of the French authorities will not suffice to prevent human trafficking and drownings.
