South-American prostitutes and illegal immigrants take advantage of Estonia's "open borders"
Estonia's "open borders" have also made it an attraction for disreputable characters.
BNS writes: On Wednesday, the police deported a Brazilian woman who had been engaged in prostitution in the capital.
According to the North Prefecture of the Police and Border Guard Board, a 29-year-old Brazilian woman's visa-free stay in Estonia was terminated prematurely on Wednesday, 24 November, because she engaged in paid prostitution in Tallinn.
The woman was granted an injunction order requiring her to leave Estonia and a refusal of entry to the Schengen territory for one year.
This is not the first time this has happened.
The police also deported a Columbian woman working as a prostitute in July this year.
The North Prefecture conducted an illegal immigration procedure for the Columbian woman born in 1988 who arrived in Estonia with the intention of selling intimate services.
The woman was granted an injunction order requiring her to leave the country and a refusal of entry for 3 years.
In December of 2019, the news site Uued Uudised reported, "The police deported a Brazilian man who had been engaging in prostitution in Tallinn.
The North Prefecture reported that a Brazilian citizen born in 1998 was subjected to an illegal immigration procedure on Thursday by a member of staff of the North Prefecture Border Guard.
The police noted that the man was uncooperative and had been selling intimate services in Tallinn.
His stated travel intentions did not match his actual intentions.
The police terminated the man's visa-free stay prematurely and granted him an injunction order requiring him to leave Estonia as well as a refusal of entry for 3 years."
South-Americans have found their way into Estonia through other paths as well.
Delfi Ärileht reported this August that "A Toyota Yaris with an Estonian license plate was stopped by police on the evening of 4 August. The driver was a Brazilian woman born in 1993.
The woman turned out to be a food courier without a work permit who was then deported from Estonia.
She had a delivery service bag in the car and her phone showed that an order had been completed less than 10 minutes earlier.
The person's short-term employment was not registered with the Police and Border Guard Board.
The woman's visa was revoked and her visa-free stay in Estonia was shortened.
The woman was granted an injunction requiring her to leave Estonia within 15 days as well as a refusal of entry for 3 months."
