The prosecutor on the case of a man beating a woman to death: he had regrets and voluntarily seeked help
On Wednesday we wrote about a case where Kiur, who had been abusing a woman and whose carelessness caused her death was asked to be punished with two years in prison with a probation of three years and three months.
This means that as of now, he has only had to spend two days behind bars.
The district prosecutor Kelly Kruusimägi says the punishment is reasonable as Kiur regretted what he had done and voluntarily seeked help for his problems.
The prosecutor's comment was as follows:
"The evidence collected in the investigation before the trial indicate that Kiur hit the woman in the face once and she died almost two days later.
The evidence proves that she kept in contact with Kiur immediately after being hit and the following two days.
The woman left the apartment the next day, moved about and according to Kiur he was not aware that the woman's life was in danger and that she needed medical help.
He can be believed because when looking at the event as a whole, the woman might have had some problems with coordination as an alcoholic.
The victim was also not bleeding after the punch and did not complain about anything unusual.
So we concluded he had no intention to kill and the evidence did not indicate that he had the indication to maim.
Kiur has no current punishments.
He confessed to punching the victim and expressed his regrets for doing that and for not seeing the need to call an ambulance.
He voluntarily seeked help for his alcoholism and has a job.
Taking everything into consideration, most importantly the specific action and his previous behaviour, the prosecutor's office asked for two years in prison which will not be enforced if Kiur does not commit a new crime during his probation of three years and three months.
Probation is a period of time during which the person has prove that he will continue to live by the law, which is one of the aims of this punishment.
All the parties agreed to the solution, including the vicitm's mother who also said she did not believe Kiur wanted the woman dead."
