European Commission: vaccine passes should last 9 months when travelling and have no expiration date after a booster shot
The European Commission just proposed setting time frames for vaccine passes for people travelling among the European Union countries.
The proposal states that a vaccine pass that lasts for at least 9 months should be given out after the first vaccination cycle.
This means that the countries cannot refuse a vaccine pass that confirms it has been less than 9 months since the last vaccine when checking passengers.
The commission's proposal states that vaccine passes given out after a booster shot do not have the 9 month expiration period.
This means that, at least at first, the passes given out after booster shots should have no expiration date.
The commission noted that, "It's possible that the protection after the booster shot will last longer than after the first vaccination which is why the commission is keeping a careful eye on new scientific data on this subject.
Based on that, the commission may later propose to also set a time limit on vaccine passes given out after booster shots."
In order to give enough time to implement the new procedure, the commission proposes to start making adjustments starting with 10 January 2022.
The commission's Commissioner of Justice Didier Reynders noted at today's press conference that the only acceptable vaccines are the ones approved by the European Medicines Agency and not, for example, passes From Hungary where people have been given the Russian Sputnik or Chinese SinoVac.
At this time, there have been over 650 million vaccine passes given out in the European Union.
The commission also found that the testing, quarantine or extra restrictions should not be mandated for people who have a COVID pass valid in the European Union, no matter where in the European Union they are coming from.
People with no valid EU COVID pass should be allowed to travel based on a test administered before or after arrival.
The EU's traffic light map will be renewed as follows: new cases will be checked together with the level of vaccination in the area.
Travellers arriving from the green areas should have no mandated restrictions.
On the other hand, people should be advised against travelling to and from countries in the dark red areas because of the amount of cases in the areas, and travellers who have not been vaccinated or had COVID should be tested and forced to quarantine.
Exceptions should be adjusted for border crossing commuters, children under the age of 12 and essential travel.
The commision states that the list of people allowed essential travel should be limited because many people currently on the list have had the chance to get vaccinated in the meantime.
