The 28-year-old Vidal joined the Barcelona team three seasons ago from Sevilla.
Since moving to the Catalan capital, Vidal has played 49 games for the club.
Nadal's head-to-head record against the Canadian is 7–2.
He recently lost to Raonic at the Brisbane Open.
Nadal converted 88% of the points at the net for the match and won 76 points on the first serve.
The king of clay said after the match: “I'm thrilled to be back in the final rounds of major events.I'm here to try to win.”
Today's Player of the Day is Alexander Ovechkin from the Washington Capitals.
He had 2 goals and 2 assists in Washington's 5-3 win over the Atlanta Trashers.
Ovechkin's first assist of the night was on rookie Nicklas Backstrom's game-winning goal;
his second goal of the night was his 60th of the season, making him the first player to score 60 or more goals in a season since 1995–96, when Jaromír Jágr and Mario Lemieux achieved the milestone.
New Zealand A1GP team co-driver Jonny Reid made history today with the fastest legal crossing of the 48-year-old Auckland Harbor Bridge.
Mr Reid managed to drive the New Zealand A1GP Black Beauty over the bridge seven times at over 100mph.
New Zealand police had difficulty using speed radar guns to measure Mr Reid's speed because of how low Black Beauty is.His speed was measured only when he slowed down to 160 km/h.
The city of Maroochydore finished top of the table, six points ahead of second-placed Noosa.
The two teams met in a grand semi-final in which Noosa ran out 11 points winners.
Maroochydore then beat Caboolture in the preliminary final.
On Wednesday, the US National Basketball Association suspended its professional basketball season due to concerns regarding COVID-19.
The NBA's decision came after one of the Utah Jazz players tested positive for COVID-19.
After the race, Keselowski remained the World Drivers' Championship leader with 2,250 points.
Johnson is second with 2,243 points, seven points behind.
In third place is Hamlin, 20 points behind, but five points ahead of Bowyer.Kahne and Truex Jr.they are in 5th and 6th place with 2,220 and 2,207 points.
Stewart, Gordon, Kenseth and Harvick round out the top ten positions in the World Drivers' Championship with four races to go.
Jarque had trained in pre-season training in Coverciano, Italy earlier that day.He was staying in the team hotel before the match against Bologna scheduled for Sunday.
He was staying with the team in a hotel before the match against Bologna scheduled for Sunday.
Schumacher, who retired in 2006 after winning the Formula 1 championship seven times, was expected to replace the injured Felipe Massa.
The Brazilian suffered a serious head injury after a crash during the 2009 Hungarian Grand Prix.
Massa should be out for at least the rest of the 2009 season.
Both golf and rugby will return to the Olympics.
The International Olympic Committee voted to include the sports at its executive board meeting in Berlin today.Rugby, specifically rugby union, and golf were given priority over five other sports when considering participation in the Olympics.
Squash, karate and roller skating tried to get on the Olympic program, as did baseball and softball, which were excluded from the 2005 Olympics.
The vote still needs to be ratified by the entire IOC at its meeting in Copenhagen in October.
Not everyone was in favor of the inclusion of women's categories.
2014 Olympic silver medalist Amir Khan said: “Deep down, I don't think women should fight.This is my opinion."
Despite the comments made, he will support British competitors at the 2012 London Olympics.
21-year-old Jesus joined Manchester City last January (2017).He joined from Brazilian club Palmeiras for a fee of £27m.
Since then, the Brazilian has made 53 appearances for the club in all competitions, scoring 24 goals.
Japanese judoka Hitoshi Saito, holder of two Olympic gold medals, has died at the age of 54.
Intrahepatic bile duct cancer was reported as the cause of death.
He died on Tuesday in Osaka.
In addition to being an Olympic and world champion, Saito was also chairman of the All Japan Judo Federation's training committee at the time of his death.
Born in the Croatian capital of Zagreb, Bobek rose to fame while playing for Partizan Belgrade.
He joined them in 1945 and stayed until 1958.
During his time with the team, he netted 403 goals in 468 games.
No other player has ever made as many appearances or scored as many goals for the club as Bobek.
In 1995, he was voted the best player in the history of the Partizans.
The celebrations started with a special performance by the world-famous Cirque du Soleil troupe.
This was followed by the Istanbul Symphony Orchestra, the Janissaries group and the singers Fatih Erkoç and Müslüm Gürses.
Then the Whirling Dervishes came on stage.
Turkish diva Sezen Aksu performed with Italian tenor Alessandro Safina and Greek singer Haris Alexiou.
"At the end, the Turkish dance group Oheň Anatolie performed the performance ``Troja''".
Canyoning is a sport that involves climbing to the bottom of a canyon that is either dry or full of water.
Canyoning combines elements of swimming, climbing and jumping, but does not require a lot of training or physical fitness to get started (compared to, for example, mountain climbing, diving or alpine skiing).
Hiking is an outdoor activity that consists of walking in nature, often along hiking trails.
Day hiking includes distances ranging from less than a mile to longer distances that can be covered in one day.
A day hike in easy terrain requires no special preparation and can be enjoyed by anyone in reasonable fitness.
Families with young children may need to prepare more, but spending the day outside is easily possible with infants and preschoolers.
There are nearly 200 running organizations internationally.Most of them operate independently.
Go Running Tours, the successor to Global Running Tours, connects dozens of trail running providers on four continents.
The event has its roots in Barcelona's Running Tours Barcelona event and Copenhagen's Running Copenhagen event, and was soon joined by the Running Tours Prague event in Prague and others.
