28-year-old Vidal had joined Barça three seasons ago, from Sevilla.
Since moving to the Catalan-capital, Vidal had played 49 games for the club.
Nadal's head to head record against the Canadian is 7–2.
He recently lost against Raonic in the Brisbane Open.
Nadal bagged 88% net points in the match winning 76 points in the first serve.
After the match, King of Clay said, "I am just excited about being back in the final rounds of the most important events. I am here to try to win this."
Today's Player of the Day is Alex Ovechkin of the Washington Capitals.
He had 2 goals and 2 assists in Washington's 5-3 win over the Atlanta Thrashers.
Ovechkin's first assist of the night was on the game-winning goal by rookie Nicklas Backstrom;
his second goal of the night was his 60th of the season, becoming the first player to score 60 or more goals in a season since 1995-96, when Jaromir Jagr and Mario Lemieux each reached that milestone.
Jonny Reid, co-driver for the A1GP New Zealand team, today made history by driving the fastest over the 48-year-old Auckland Harbour Bridge, New Zealand, legally.
Mr Reid managed to drive the New Zealand's A1GP car, Black Beauty at speeds over 160km/h seven times over the bridge.
The New Zealand police had trouble using their speed radar guns to see how fast Mr Reid was going because of how low Black Beauty is, and the only time the police managed to clock Mr Reid was when he slowed down to 160km/h.
Maroochydore had finished on top of the ladder, six points clear of Noosa in second.
The two sides would meet in the major semi final where Noosa ran out winners by 11 points.
Maroochydore then defeated Caboolture in the Preliminary Final.
On Wednesday, the United States' National Basketball Association (NBA) suspended its professional basketball season due to concerns regarding COVID-19.
The NBA's decision followed a Utah Jazz player testing positive for the COVID-19 virus.
Following the race, Keselowski remains the Drivers' Championship leader with 2,250 points.
Seven points behind, Johnson is second with 2,243.
In third, Hamlin is twenty points behind, but five ahead of Bowyer. Kahne and Truex, Jr. are fifth and sixth respectively with 2,220 and 2,207 points.
Stewart, Gordon, Kenseth, and Harvick round out the top-ten positions for the Drivers' Championship with four races remaining in the season.
Jarque was practicing during pre-season training at Coverciano in Italy earlier in the day. He was staying in the team hotel ahead of a match planned for Sunday against Bolonia.
He was staying in the team hotel ahead of a match planned for Sunday against Bolonia.
Schumacher who retired in 2006 after winning the Formula 1 championship seven times, was due to replace the injured Felipe Massa.
The Brazilian suffered a serious head injury after a crash during the 2009 Hungarian Grand Prix.
Massa is due to be out for at least the rest of the 2009 season.
Both golf and rugby are set to return to the Olympic Games.
The International Olympic Committee voted to include the sports at its executive board meeting in Berlin today. Rugby, specifically rugby union, and golf were selected over five other sports to be considered to participate in the Olympics.
Squash, karate and roller sports tried to get onto the Olympic program as well as baseball and softball, which were voted out of the Olympic Games in 2005.
The vote must still be ratified by the full IOC at it's October meeting in Copenhagen.
Not all were supportive of the inclusion of the women’s ranks.
2004 Olympic silver medallist Amir Khan said, "Deep down I think women shouldn’t fight. That’s my opinion."
Despite his comments he said he will be supporting the British competitors at the 2012 Olympics being held in London.
21-year-old Jesus joined Manchester City last year in January 2017 from Brazilian club Palmeiras for a reported fee of £27 million.
Since then, the Brazilian has featured in 53 matches for the club in all competitions and has scored 24 goals.
Japanese judoka Hitoshi Saito, winner of two Olympic gold medals, has died at the age of 54.
The cause of death was announced as intrahepatic bile duct cancer.
He died in Osaka on Tuesday.
As well as a former Olympic and World champion, Saito was the All Japan Judo Federation training committee chairman at the time of his death.
Born in the Croatian capital, Zagreb, Bobek gained fame while playing for Partizan Belgrade.
He joined them in 1945 and stayed until 1958.
During his time with the team, he scored 403 goals in 468 appearances.
No one else has ever made more appearances or scored more goals for the club than Bobek.
In 1995 he was voted the best player in Partizan's history.
The celebrations started with a special show by the world-renowned group Cirque du Soleil.
It was followed by the Istanbul State Symphony Orchestra, a Janissary band, and the singers Fatih Erkoç and Müslüm Gürses.
Then Whirling Dervishes took to the stage.
Turkish diva Sezen Aksu performed with the Italian tenor Alessandro Safina and Greek singer Haris Alexiou.
To finish, Turkish dance group Fire of Anatolia performed the show "Troy".
Canyoning (or: canyoneering) is about going in a bottom of a canyon, which is either dry or full of water.
Canyoning combines elements from swimming, climbing and jumping--but requires relatively little training or physical shape to get started (compared to rock climbing, scuba diving or alpine skiing, for example).
Hiking is an outdoor activity which consists of walking in natural environments, often on hiking trails.
Day hiking involves distances of less than a mile up to longer distances that can be covered in a single day.
For a day hike along an easy trail little preparations are needed, and any moderately fit person can enjoy them.
Families with small children may need more preparations, but a day outdoors is easily possible even with babies and pre-school children.
Internationally, there are nearly 200 running tour organizations. Most of them operate independently.
The Global Running Tours successor, Go Running Tours networks dozens of sightrunning providers on four continents.
With roots in Barcelona's Running Tours Barcelona and Copenhagen's Running Copenhagen, it was quickly joined by Running Tours Prague based in Prague and others.
