Vidal, 28, joined Barca three seasons ago from Sevilla.
Since moving to the Catalan capital, Vidal has played in 49 club matches.
Nadal's record against the Canadian is 7-2.
He recently lost to Raonic at the Brisbane Open.
Nadal scored 88% of the net points in the match, winning 76 points with the first serve.
"After the match, the Clay King said: 'I'm just excited to be back in the final rounds of the main events. I'm here to try and win it.'"
Today's player of the day is Alex Ovechkin of the Washington Capitals.
In Washington's 5:3 win over the Atlanta Thrashers, he scored two goals and had two assists.
Ovechkin's first assist of the night set up rookie Nicklas Backstrom for the game-winning goal;
His second goal that night was his 60th of the season, making him the first player to score 60 or more goals in a season since 1995–96.from a season in which Jaromir Jagr and Mario Lemieux each did it.
Jonny Reid, A1GP New Zealand team co-driver, made history today by becoming the fastest to legally cross the 48-year-old Auckland Harbor Bridge.
Mr Reid managed to drive the New Zealand A1GP vehicle Black Beauty over the bridge at speeds in excess of 100mph seven times.
Because the Black Beauty was very low, it was difficult for the New Zealand police to measure Mr Reid's speed with their speed radar guns;the police were only able to 'catch' Mr Reid when he slowed down to 100mph.
Maroochydore finished top of the table, six points ahead of second-placed Noosa.
The sides met in the grand semi-final, with Noosa trailing the winners by 11 points.
Maroochydore then defeated Caboolture in the preliminary final.
On Wednesday, the US professional basketball league (NBA) suspended the professional basketball season due to concerns related to the COVID-19.
The NBA made the decision after a Utah Jazz player tested positive for the COVID-19 virus.
After the race, Keselowski remains in the driver's championship lead with 2,250 points.
Johnson is second with 2,243 points, seven points behind first place.
Twenty points down, Hamlin is in third place, but five ahead of Bowyer.Kahne and Truex, Jr.is in fifth and sixth place with 2220 and 2207 points respectively.
Stewart, Gordon, Kenseth and Harvick completed the top ten in the drivers' championship with four races remaining in the season.
Jarque trained earlier in the day in Coverciano, Italy as part of pre-season training.He stopped by the team's hotel before Sunday's game against Bolonia.
He stayed at the team's hotel before Sunday's scheduled game against Bolonia.
Schumacher, who retired in 2006 after winning Formula One for the seventh time, had to replace the injured Felipe Massas.
The Brazilian suffered a serious head injury after crashing at the 2009 Hungarian Grand Prix.
Massa will be sidelined for at least the rest of the 2009 season.
Both golf and rugby are returning to the Olympics.
The International Olympic Committee decided to add the following sports at its board meeting in Berlin today.Rugby, particularly rugby union, and golf were selected from among five other sports that could be on the Olympic program.
Wall tennis, karate and roller skating also tried to become an Olympic program, as did baseball and softball, which were voted out of the Olympics in 2005.
However, the result of the vote still needs to be confirmed by the full IOC at its October meeting in Copenhagen.
Not everyone supported the inclusion of women's categories.
2004 Olympic silver medalist Amir Khan said: “Deep down I think women shouldn't fight.This is my opinion."
Despite the comments, he said he would support Britain's competitors at the 2012 Olympics in London.
Jesus, 21, joined Manchester City last year in January 2017 from Brazilian club Palmeiras for a reported £27m transfer.
Since then, the Brazilian has made 53 appearances for the club and scored 24 goals.
Japanese judoka Hitoshi Saito, winner of two Olympic gold medals, has died at the age of 54.
The cause of death was said to be intrahepatic bile duct cancer.
He died on Tuesday in Osaka.
In addition to being a former Olympic champion and world champion, Saito was the chairman of the training committee of the All Japan Judo Federation before his death.
Born in Zagreb, the capital of Croatia, Bobek rose to fame playing for the football club Partizan Belgrade.
He joined them in 1945 and stayed with them until 1958.
During his time with the team, he scored 403 goals in 468 games.
No one has ever been on the pitch more or scored more goals for the club than Bobek.
In 1995, he was voted the best player in the history of Partizan.
The festivities began with a special show by the world-famous troupe Cirque du Soleil.
It was followed by the Istanbul National Symphony Orchestra, Janissar Band and singers Fatih Erkoç and Müslüm Gürses.
Whirling dervishes then took the stage.
Turkish diva Sezen Aksu performed together with Italian tenor Alessandro Safina and Greek singer Haris Alexiou.
Finally, the Turkish dance group Anatolia fire performed a performance called "Troja".
Canyoning (or canyoneering) is climbing to the bottom of a canyon that is either dry or full of water.
Canyoning combines elements of swimming, climbing, and jumping — but entry into the area requires relatively little training or fitness (compared to, say, mountain climbing, diving, or downhill skiing).
Hiking is an outdoor activity that involves walking in a natural environment, often on hiking trails.
A day hike covers distances ranging from less than one mile to longer distances that can be covered in one day.
A day hike on an easy trail requires little preparation and can be enjoyed by anyone of average fitness.
For families with young children, more preparation may be necessary, but a day out is easily possible even with babies and preschoolers.
Internationally, there are almost 200 working tour operators.Most of them operate independently.
Go Running Tours, the forerunner of global running tours, connects a number of sightseeing running tour providers on four continents.
Started with the Barcelona running tour Running Tours Barcelona and the Copenhagen running tour Running Copenhagen, it was soon joined by Prague Running Tours Prague and others.
