Vidal, 28, joined Barca from Sevilla three seasons ago.
Since moving to the Catalan capital, Vidal has played 49 games for the club.
Nadal's head-to-head record against the Canadian is 7–2.
He recently lost to Raonic at the Brisbane Open.
Nadal won 88% of the points at the net in the match, as he won 76 points in the first serve.
After the match, the king of clay said: "I'm just excited to be back in the closing rounds of major events. I'm here to try and win".
Today's player of the day is Alexander Ovechkin, a member of the Washington Capitals.
In Washington, he had 2 goals and 2 assists in a 5-3 win against the Atlanta Thrashers.
Ovechkin's first assist of the night was for the game-tying goal by rookie Nicklas Backstrom;
his second goal of the night was his 60th of the season, making him the first player to score 60 or more goals in a season since 1995–96, when both Jaromir Jagr and Mario Lemieux accomplished the feat.
New Zealand A1GP team co-driver Jonny Reid made history today with the fastest legal drive across the 48-year-old Auckland Harbor Bridge in New Zealand.
Mr Reid managed to drive the New Zealand A1GP car, Black Beauty, over the bridge seven times at speeds in excess of 100mph.
When measuring the speed of driving, the New Zealand police had Mr.Reid had trouble using the speed gun because Black Beauty is so short, so the police were able to film Mr.Reid only when he slowed down to 160 km/h.
Maroochydore finished top of the table, six points clear of second-placed Noosa.
The two teams then met in the grand semi-final where Noosa ran out 11-point winners.
Maroochydore then beat Caboolture in the preliminary final.
On Wednesday, the United States National Basketball Association (NBA) suspended the professional basketball league season due to concerns related to COVID-19.
The NBA's decision came after a Utah Jazz player tested positive for the COVID-19 virus.
Keselowski remains the leading driver in the World Championship at the end of the race with 2,250 points.
Seven points back, Johnson is second with 2,243.
After the third race, Hamlin trails by twenty points and has a five-point lead over Bowyer.Kahne and Truex Jr.they are in fifth and sixth place, the first with 2,220 and the second with 2,207 points.
Stewart, Gordon, Kenseth and Harvick round out the top ten in the championship, with four races remaining until the end of the season.
Earlier that day, Jarque trained for pre-season training in Coverciano, Italy.He was staying in the team hotel before the game against Bologna, which was supposed to take place on Sunday.
He was staying at the team hotel ahead of Sunday's game against Bologna.
Schumacher, who retired after winning the Formula 1 championship seven times in 2006, is expected to replace the injured Felipe Massa.
The Brazilian suffered severe head injuries in a crash during the 2009 Hungarian Grand Prix.
Massa will be out at least until the end of the 2009 season.
Both golf and rugby are expected to return to the Olympics.
The International Olympic Committee voted to include sports at today's executive committee meeting in Berlin.Among the five other sports that could qualify for the Olympics were rugby, specifically rugby union, and golf.
Attempts were made to include squash, karate and sports on rollers and skateboards, as well as baseball and softball, which were excluded from the Olympics in 2005.
The vote must still be ratified by the entire International Olympic Committee at its October meeting in Copenhagen.
However, not everyone supported the inclusion of female species.
Amir Khan, a 2004 Olympic silver medalist, said: "Deep down I don't think women should fight. That's my opinion."
Despite his comments, he said he would support British athletes at the 2012 Olympics in London.
21-year-old Jesus joined Manchester City from Brazilian club Palmeiras in January 2017 for a reported £27m fee.
Since then, the Brazilian has made 53 appearances for the club in all competitions, scoring 24 goals.
Japanese judoka Hitoshi Saito, winner of two Olympic gold medals, died at the age of 54.
The official cause of death was cancer of the intrahepatic bile duct.
He died on Tuesday in Osaka.
Saito was a former Olympic and world champion, and before his death he was also the head of the committee of the All Japan Judo Federation.
Bobek, who was born in the Croatian capital Zagreb, became famous when he played for Belgrade's Partizan.
He joined them in 1945 and stayed with them until 1958.
During his time with the team, he scored 403 goals and made 468 appearances.
To date, no one has made as many appearances or scored more goals for the club than Bobek.
In 1995, he was voted the best player in the history of Partizan.
The celebration began with a special performance by the world-famous band Cirque du Soleil.
This was followed by the Istanbul State Symphony Orchestra, the Janissary group and singers Fatih Erkoç and Müslüm Gürses.
Then the whirling dervishes took the stage.
Turkish diva Sezen Aksu performed with Italian tenor Alessandro Safina and Greek singer Haris Alexiou.
Finally, the Turkish dance group Fire of Anatolia performed the number "Troy".
The point of canyoning (or canyoning) is to reach the bottom of the gorge, which can be dry or full of water.
Canyoning combines elements of swimming, climbing and jumping - but requires relatively little training or fitness to get started (compared to eg rock climbing, scuba diving or alpine skiing).
Hiking is an outdoor activity that involves walking in a natural environment, often on footpaths.
Day hiking ranges from less than a mile to longer distances that can be covered in one day.
A full-day hike on an easy hiking trail requires little preparation and can be enjoyed by anyone of moderate fitness.
Families with young children will probably need to prepare better, but spending a day outdoors is also easily doable with babies and preschoolers.
There are nearly 200 running tour organizations internationally, most of which operate independently.
Go Running Tours, the successor to Global Running Tours, connects dozens of running sightseeing providers on four continents.
Following the example of Barcelona's Running Tours Barcelona and Copenhagen's Running Copenhagen, it was quickly followed by Prague-based Running Tours Prague and others.
