Channel deaths: Boris Johnson sets out five-point plan to address crossings following tragedy
The prime minister's letter comes after 27 people - 17 men, seven women and two teenage boys and a girl - died near Calais on Wednesday while trying to cross the English Channel in a flimsy boat.
Boris Johnson has offered to work with France to "move further and faster" in order to tackle small boat crossings and avoid a repeat of the "appalling tragedy" in the Channel that left 27 people dead.
The prime minister has written to President Emmanuel Macron and set out five steps he thinks both sides should take "as soon as possible".
Mr Johnson's letter comes after 27 people - 17 men, seven women and two teenage boys and a girl - died near Calais on Wednesday while trying to cross the English Channel in a flimsy boat.
The PM's five-point plan entails:
• Joint patrols to prevent boats from leaving French beaches
• Using more advanced technology such as sensors and radar
• Carry out reciprocal maritime patrols in each nation's territorial waters and utilise airborne surveillance
• "Deepening the work" of the Joint Intelligence Cell and ensuring there is better intelligence sharing to drive more arrests and prosecutions
• Committing to "immediate work" to strike a bilateral returns agreement between Paris and London, as well as discussions on a UK-EU agreement
"If those who reach this country were swiftly returned the incentive for people to put their lives in the hands of traffickers would be significantly reduced," Mr Johnson said.
"This would be the single biggest step we could take together to reduce the draw to Northern France and break the business model of criminal gangs.
"I am confident that by taking these steps and building on our existing cooperation we can address illegal migration and prevent more families from experiencing the devastating loss we saw yesterday."
The PM said that having spoken to the French president in the wake of Wednesday's tragedy "I know President Macron recognises, as I do, the urgency of the situation we are both facing".
Home Secretary Priti Patel will meet French Interior Minister Gerald Darmanin this weekend to discuss the migrant crisis, along with counterparts from Germany, Belgium and the Netherlands.
In his letter to Mr Macron, Mr Johnson said he was ready to "upgrade this meeting to a leaders' level summit or to arrange further bilateral discussions with you or with colleagues".
Ms Patel and her French counterpart spoke on the phone on Thursday to "put forward plans for greater collaboration and innovation in stopping these deadly crossings".
Home Office officials and law enforcement officers will be in Paris on Friday to "intensify joint co-operation and intelligence-sharing".
