How weather affects what's on Thanksgiving's menu
If you've ever wondered how the weather affects what you're serving up for Thanksgiving, FOX Weather has you covered.
And if you're looking for something to talk about at the dinner table this year, be sure to download the FOX Weather app and check out 7 Thanksgiving Day table conversation starters from FOX Weather!
1. The holiday season is upon us, which means more pies, especially favorites like pecan pie.
And no matter how you pronounce it, this year's pecan crop brought good news for U.S. home bakers and businesses.
2. Cranberries are one of three fruits native to the United States, and they're only harvested in five states - Massachusetts, New York, New Jersey, Wisconsin and Oregon.
FOX Weather Multimedia Journalist Katie Byrne went to New Jersey to see how the crop is harvested every year and how the weather can significantly impact the crop.
3. It's tough to be a turkey around Thanksgiving, but one thing the big birds don't have going against them is drowning in the rain when they look up to the sky.
It's purely gobble gossip.
4.
Sunday evening marks the beginning of Hanukkah.
After the Jews fought to reclaim the Holy Temple in Jerusalem, they found only one day's worth of olive oil to use for the daily menorah lighting.
Miraculously, that small amount of oil burned for eight straight nights.
And since then, olive oil has continued to benefit not only lighting menorahs but also heart health.
But with recent weather extremes, the state with the largest production of olives has been feeling the effects.
5. Did you know that the nation's largest pumpkin producer could have been wiped out this year?
Availability of the popular pumpkin pie filling may have been saved after an Illinois crop scientist discovered a water mold.
6. Whether they're topped with marshmallows or covered in brown sugar and cinnamon, yams are a staple side dish for Thanksgiving.
And if you like them or not, the age-old question remains: What's the difference between a yam and a sweet potato?
