How close are we to guilt-free flying?
Gleaming airplanes have been returning to the empty blue skies above 30,000 feet in recent months, opening up travel possibilities as they skim the clouds on their way towards unfiltered sunshine.
On board, safely behind face masks, many passengers have been shrugging off the old discomforts of plane travel in their excitement at being in the air again.
Airline food has never tasted so good.
And yet, something is leaving a bitter taste.
The world is a changed place since we were last exploring it, and one of the main changes is the heightened concern we have for the damage we've been causing to it through activities such as flying.
Aviation generates 2.8% of global CO2 emissions and, even before the recent COP26 climate talks, has become a lightning rod for the "flight shame" movement.
On the heels of the climate summit agreement by 200 countries to slash greenhouse emissions by 2030, the industry has been steeling itself for a crisis as more and more people raise concerns over the impact of air travel.
Numerous airlines have already pledged to offer carbon-neutral travel and explore alternative fuels to reduce pollution.
Developments in electric airplanes, though still a distant possibility for long-haul flight, have also raised hopes for green air travel.
Net-zero carbon emissions by 2050
So how close are we to guilt-free and genuinely low-impact flying?
It's definitely a priority for the industry.
At its annual meeting in October, IATA, the International Air Transport Association, rubber stamped a resolution in support of net-zero carbon emissions by 2050.
That's a tall order.
It's anticipated that 10 billion people will be flying annually by 2050, which by today's emission standards means that the aviation industry will need to deal with a cumulative total of 21.2 gigatons of carbon over the next three decades.
IATA reckons that figure won't be quite so high as some emissions will be mitigated through the adoption of cleaner energy sources and better airplane design.
"A potential scenario is that 65% of [carbon] will be abated through sustainable aviation fuels," Willie Walsh, the former British Airways boss who is now IATA's director general, said in a press release.
Sustainable fuels, made from materials such as wood residue deposits, tobacco or sugarcane, can already be used in many of today's newer jet engines without any modification.
Walsh says new propulsion tech, including hydrogen, will take care of another 13% while efficiency improvements will account for a further 3%.
The remainder, he says, could be dealt with "through carbon capture and storage and offsets."
