10 common cryptocurrency terms you need to know
Despite Bitcoin launching way back in 2009, it’s only until recently that you can’t turn on the news or browse the web without coming across some mention of cryptocurrency.
I got so many questions from my readers and national radio show listeners that I wrote an eBook about crypto to help.
I demystify digital currency, mining, and how to get started trading.
Tap or click here to get your copy on Amazon.
Sadly, I also hear from people that got fooled by one crypto scam or another.
Where there is money, criminals are waiting.
Tap or click for five clever crypto scams making the rounds right now and steps to stay safe.
Before we get started, know this is not financial advice.
The crypto world is volatile, and you should never risk money you aren't comfortable losing.
Now, let's take a look at some of the most common lingo.
1. Blockchain
Every cryptocurrency transaction is processed, verified, and recorded on a virtual ledger known as a blockchain.
When time someone buys or sells using cryptocurrency, another entry is made on this virtual ledger.
Think of the blockchain as a series of boxcars from a train.
When a cryptocurrency transaction is made, another boxcar gets added to the train.
The blockchain is decentralized.
This means it’s not stored on one machine or even across one network.
Instead, the blockchain exists on computers all over the world that are accessible because of the internet.
People and companies help verify each transaction that gets added to the blockchain using their own computer’s processing power on a decentralized peer-to-peer network.
Each transaction is timestamped, individually encrypted, and cannot be reversed or changed.
Yes, you read that right — crypto transactions cannot be reversed.
Would you rather listen than read?
Tap or click for an episode of my podcast, Kim Komando Explains, about everything crypto.
You'll also hear firsthand from a crypto miner, too.
2. Fiat
I know what you’re thinking: "I thought a Fiat was a car."
Not in crypto-land.
Fiat money is government-issued currency.
If you’re in the United States, that means the U.S. dollar.
Cryptocurrency, on the other hand, is virtual money.
Cryptocurrencies aren’t backed by governments or any other standard used with traditional currency.
Each "token" represents the amount you own.
How much each token is worth varies based on the current market value.
One day it's up; the next day down.
With cryptocurrency, the price fluctuations can happen much faster and are more extreme — both positive and negative.
A good resource to check the current prices is CoinMarketCap.
3. Altcoin
Here’s an easy one to remember.
An altcoin is any digital currency that’s not Bitcoin.
There are thousands of cryptocurrencies, with new ones being added all the time.
At the time of this writing, these are the five currencies with the highest market caps.
(That is the total market value of the circulating supply.)
Since crypto moves so fast, this list may have already changed by the time you’re reading.
