Twenty-seven migrants who died in the English Channel were immediately thrown into the propaganda mill
The deaths of twenty-seven migrants in the English Channel in the autumn are undoubtedly a great tragedy, but the liberal West immediately put it in its propaganda, largely to justify its inaction.
The most cautious move came from France, whose President Emmanuel Macron on Thursday warned British Prime Minister Boris Johnson against exploiting the migration crisis for political ends, citing a boat accident in the English Channel that claimed 27 lives.
But before that, French President Emmanuel Macron and British Prime Minister Boris Johnson agreed in a phone call on Wednesday to step up action against deadly maritime accidents.
"Both leaders were unequivocal that today's tragic loss of life was a stark reminder of the importance of keeping all options on the table to stop these fatal sea crossings and to break the business model of the criminal gangs behind them," said a British government spokesman.
Britain is the country these people are heading to and France is the transit country they all rush through unhindered, living in tented camps waiting for traffickers - Paris should have all the levers in the world to stop migrants already using the country as a springboard, not to mention blocking the English Channel to human trafficking.
The British don't want them, the French don't want them - so what are the obstacles to closing the migration route?
Five people have been arrested in connection with the sinking of a migrant boat that claimed at least 27 lives in the English Channel on Wednesday, French Interior Minister Gerald Darmanin said on Thursday.
The Lille prosecutor's office has confirmed the deaths of 17 men, seven women and three minors in a boat sinking off the north coast of France on Wednesday.
The four suspects of smuggling were arrested already on Wednesday afternoon, Darmanin specified.
The French authorities were at a loss for words to express their alleged intransigence, while traffickers could not operate without the support of the state - and this support comes both from keeping the Channel migration route under control (which could be closed) and from creating a breeding ground for trafficking by allowing mass migration as a national policy.
President Emmanuel Macron said on Wednesday evening that France would not let the English Channel become a "graveyard" and promised that the authorities would find those responsible for the tragedy.
French prosecutors launched a murder investigation.
The President does not see himself as to blame, even though it is under his rule that France has been flooded with migrants.
French Interior Minister Gerald Darmian called for a "tough international response".
He said four people suspected of being directly involved had been arrested.
"The criminal nature of the smugglers who organise these crossings cannot be condemned enough," he added.
"This disaster in the Straits is a tragedy," tweeted Prime Minister Jean Castex.
"My thoughts are with the missing and the victims who fell victim to criminal smugglers abusing their misery and misery."
The French authorities' phantasmagorical tales of human trafficking and drowning deaths will not prevent this.
