German elite brands lead the way with the highest number of cars with revised mileages
Reverse mileage is one of the most common scams in the used car market.
This unfairly inflates the price of the used vehicle and damages the value of the car.
A recent carVertical survey showed that buyers of elite German brands are most at risk of buying a car with a modified odometer reading.
TOP 10 most frequently revised mileage: the BMW M5 tops the list
To identify the list of cars with the highest number of recalls, IT company carVertical analysed the history of more than 700 000 used car reports generated between November 2020 and November 2021.
18 different markets were surveyed, including Poland, Romania, Hungary, France, Slovenia, Slovakia, the Czech Republic, Lithuania, Latvia, Estonia, Ukraine, Bulgaria, Serbia, Germany, Croatia, Russia, the United States and Italy.
Pass data shows that the BMW M5 is the car with the most modified odometer readings, with more than a third of used vehicles linked to possible fraud.
This isolated statistic does not reflect the scale of the problem of BMW odometer recall - as CarVertical's automotive expert Matas Buzelis recently pointed out, the whole list is dominated by different BMW models:
"Half of the top 10 is taken up by cars from this manufacturer.
The indicator is correlated with the demand for used BMWs in different markets.
The data also shows that more expensive cars are more likely to have a modified mileage history, and this is something to consider when looking for a used vehicle.
That's where the mileage check of the car comes in handy."
The BMW 7 Series and Subaru Outback are in second and third place with 33.4% and 31.8% respectively.
The Audi A8 was the fifth most frequently mileage-cheated car, while its sportier sibling, the A7, came in tenth, with just over a quarter (25.8 per cent) of such vehicles found to have artificially reduced mileage.
Matas Buzelis explains that the higher representation of higher-end vehicles in the list of modified odometers is mainly due to the higher potential margin on the sale of such used cars.
Reversing the odometer is a relatively cheap and simple method that gives dishonest car dealers an extra way to make money.
For a longer list of the 20 most frequently recalled cars, see the full survey.
Most car models with reverse mileage by year of production: older cars are more likely to be cheats
Studies show that it is important to check the mileage when buying a used car, especially for older vehicles.
The most popular models with modified odometer readings were produced between 2006 and 2016.
However, car expert Matas Buzelis stresses that there is a link between the possibility of fraud and the price of the car:
"The list of the most frequently recalled mileage cars is mainly made up of elite cars, but there are also models of people's cars, although their share is lower than the total number of cars with modified mileage.
Subaru, Ford and Volkswagen cars are in the same age group as higher-end vehicles.
It seems that the mileage of cars between 5 and 15 years old is most likely to be rolled back.
