Migratory pressure intensifies: Finnish businesses in Estonia are also complaining and tax hikes are threatened
It is sadly funny that the Reform Party's immigration plans are being spearheaded by Finns, who complain that there is a shortage of labour in Estonia, while Estonians are working for their northern neighbours - so let them bring Estonians back home to Finnish companies here.
The media, on the other hand, is banging on every day about labour shortages, which is probably a new propaganda campaign to get people used to immigration.
So writes BNS: At a meeting of the Finnish-Estonian Chamber of Commerce on Tuesday, foreign companies operating in Estonia saw labour shortages as the biggest shortcoming of the Estonian business environment.
"Estonian and Finnish companies have a common problem, where there is an increasing shortage of skilled labour in a country with an ageing population," said Minister of Enterprise and Information Technology Andres Sutt, who attended the meeting.
"At the same time, we see a similar solution on both sides of the coin: recruiting skilled workers from abroad who share our values and ensuring tax compliance is the only short-term solution to the growing skills crisis," he added.
Andres Sutt could look more closely at Finland - they are solving their labour problems with the help of Somalis and other "skilled workers" from Moravia - and say whether the Reform Party also sees a way out in them.
The minister also does not want to take up the issue that the "Estonian and Finnish companies have a common problem" is also about Estonians who emigrated during the previous government of the Slave Party.
This talk is illustrated by the threat: "According to the Ministry of Economic Affairs and Communications (MEC), there will be around 31 000 fewer people of working age in Estonia in five years' time and the alternative to increasing the state's revenue base would be to raise taxes."
In other words, the fear is that if you don't agree with outsiders, taxes will go up and you won't get a pension.
However, it is "forgotten" that migrant workers drive down the wages of Estonian people.
In the meantime, such threats had subsided, but only a few years ago there were reports of tens of thousands of workers shortages in construction, agriculture and elsewhere in 2040 - as if there would be no technological progress in 20 years' time and even in that year all work would be done by hand.
