A new and "truly terrifying" variant of the coronavirus B.1.1.529 has been detected in Botswana.
A new variant of the coronavirus B.1.1.529 with as many as 32 spike protein mutations has been identified in Botswana, and it is not yet known whether the antibodies available in humans will be able to respond effectively.
So far, only a handful of infections with this variant have been recorded as a result of sequencing - three in Botswana, six in South Africa and one in Hong Kong.
Researchers therefore hope that COVID cases caused by the new virus variant will not be widespread, Sky News reports.
Imperial College London virologist Tom Peacock called the abundance of mutations detected in the variant "truly appalling":
Open proteins are what viruses use to enter human cells, and most vaccines work by training the human body to recognise and neutralise them.
Therefore, spike protein mutations may be problematic for mRNA vaccines.
University of London Professor Francois Balloux said the new variant should be closely monitored and its spread analysed.
"But there is no cause for undue concern unless its incidence increases in the near future," he said.
The professor added that the abundance of mutations in B.1.1.529 may be due to the fact that it "developed during the chronic illness of an immunocompromised person, perhaps an untreated HIV/AIDS patient".
The first cases of infection with this variant were detected in Botswana on 11 November and in South Africa three days later.
A 36-year-old man was found in Hong Kong with a negative PCR test before flying from Hong Kong to South Africa, where he was staying from 22 October to 11 November.
He gave a negative test on his return to Hong Kong, but on 13 November he tested positive.
The Guardian writes that some South African virologists are already worried, especially given the recent surge in cases in Gauteng, where B.1.1.529 cases have been detected.
Ravi Gupta, professor of clinical microbiology at the University of Cambridge, told the publication that his lab found that two mutations in B.1.1.529 increased the infectivity of the virus and reduced the recognition of the virus by antibodies.
