Supreme Judge: general orders of the government cannot be so extensive
The government's general orders imposing various restrictions and rules during the corona pandemic should be more limited in scope, said Ivo Pilving, the state judge.
"One of the limits we referred to, and the Tallinn District Court has already referred to, is that the governments' general orders - which set out all the requirements for the corona pass today - that their limit has to come to an end at some point.
Because the very nature of a general arrangement is that its legal scope must still be limited in some way.
It cannot be as general as a single law.
And if it is not limited in any other way, such as for a certain group of persons or something like that, then it must be limited in time," Pilving, chairman of the Administrative Chamber of the Supreme Court, told a press conference on Thursday.
"It is not possible to take a position now on whether that time has already passed today or will pass tomorrow or the day after tomorrow - that is why these disputes are already in the courts, and the truth will become clear there.
But somewhere there is a limit to the government's use of this instrument, and here the complainants' criticisms are also to a certain extent correct, that the legislature cannot really distance itself from these issues." Pilving continued
A general government order is a special type of administrative act, whereby restrictions imposed can only be challenged in court by each individual person, and the relevant court decision does not apply to all the objects of the restriction, but only to the person who challenged it.
The widespread use of general arrangements has been criticised by former Chancellor of Justice Allar Jõks.
The Supreme Court judge stressed, however, that the dispute on which the Supreme Court made its decision public on Thursday is different.
"This is about one institution - a very special one, but still one institution, the Defence Forces - and the rule of law is a little bit looser here, because it's not about everybody.
This concerns Estonian men and women working in the Defence Forces, and the head of the relevant institution may also impose requirements on a limited number of persons under the Occupational Health and Safety Act," Pilving said.
He explained that the case law of the Supreme Court so far suggests that the more extensive, deeper, more intense a restriction or obligation is, the more work the Parliament has to do on it.
"To the extent that some obligations are of a kind that must be definitively regulated by law," noted the judge.
"But on the other hand, the issue of vaccination and the pandemic, which is going in waves and where a rapid response is needed, that again speaks in favour of executive discretion and government discretion.
And also, when we talk about the institutions and the requirements [for the people working in them], according to the current understanding of the Supreme Court, there is also room for the orders of the heads of these institutions, if the circumstances are there," he added.
