European Commission: vaccination certificates valid for 9 months when travelling, indefinitely after booster doses
The European Commission has just proposed that Member States set deadlines for the validity of vaccination certificates for travellers between EU countries.
It is proposed that the standard period of validity of a vaccination certificate following an initial vaccination cycle should be at least 9 months.
This means that Member States should not refuse to recognise a vaccination certificate confirming that less than 9 months have elapsed since the last dose of primary vaccination when checking travellers.
As far as enhanced doses are concerned, the Commission proposes that the 9-month validity period should not apply to certificates issued after an enhanced dose.
This means that, at least initially, certificates obtained after a booster dose should be valid indefinitely.
"It is possible that protection after booster doses lasts longer than after primary vaccination, which is why the Commission is closely monitoring new scientific evidence on this issue.
On this basis, the Commission may at a later stage propose to introduce an appropriate period of validity also for vaccination certificates issued after the booster dose," the Commission said.
In order to allow sufficient time for the implementation of the new regime, the Commission proposes to start applying the innovations from 10 January 2022.
Commission Justice Commissioner Didier Reynders said at a press conference today that only vaccines approved by the European Medicines Agency will be accepted, and therefore certificates issued in Hungary, for example, where people have been given Russian Sputnik or Chinese vaccines, are not valid.
Over 650 million vaccination certificates have been issued in the EU to date.
The Commission also considered that a person who holds a valid EU digital COVID should not, as a general rule, be subject to testing, quarantine or other additional restrictions, regardless of the EU region from which they arrive.
People without an EU digital COVID could be allowed to travel on the basis of a pre- or post-arrival test.
The EU traffic light map will be updated as follows: the new cases indicator will be looked at together with the vaccination coverage in the region.
Passengers arriving from green areas should not be subject to any restrictions.
Conversely, in the dark red areas, given the high number of people infected, it should be advised to refrain from travelling in either direction, and travellers who have not been vaccinated or affected should be required to be tested and remain quarantined.
Exemptions should apply to cross-border commuters, children under 12 and people with an unavoidable travel need.
The Commission considers that the list of persons with an urgent need to travel should be limited, as many of the passengers currently on the list have since had the opportunity to be vaccinated.
