Estonia's "openness" is also exploited by Latin American prostitutes and illegals
"Openness" has also made Estonia a centre of attraction for the shadow side.
BNS writes: A Brazilian woman who worked as a prostitute in the capital was expelled from the country by police on Wednesday.
According to the Northern Prefecture of the Police and Border Guard Board, on Wednesday, 24 November, the visa-free stay of a 29-year-old Brazilian woman in Estonia was prematurely terminated because she provided sexual services for money in Tallinn.
The woman was issued with an order to leave Estonia and banned from entering the Schengen territory for one year.
This is not the first time.
In July this year, police expelled a woman of Columbia nationality who was working as a prostitute in Estonia.
At the time, the Northern Prefecture conducted an illegal procedure against a Colombian woman born in 1988 who arrived in Estonia with the purpose of providing intimate services.
The woman was issued with an order to leave the country and banned from entering the country for three years.
In December 2019, the portal Uued News wrote: "The police expelled a Brazilian man who worked as a prostitute in Tallinn.
On Thursday, an employee of the Northern Border and Migration Surveillance Service conducted an illegal immigration procedure against a Brazilian citizen born in 1998, the Northern Prefecture reported.
The man did not want to cooperate with police officers and had also provided sexual services in Tallinn for money.
The man's travel goal did not match the actual purpose.
The police terminated the man's visa-free stay prematurely, he was issued a pre-trial order to leave Estonia and was banned from entering the country for three years."
Latin Americans have also been found in Estonia through other routes.
In August this year, Delfi Ärileht wrote: "On the evening of 4 August, a Toyota Yaris with Estonian registration plates was checked in Tallinn, driven by a Brazilian woman born in 1993.
The woman turns out to be an unlicensed food courier who is deported from Estonia.
The vehicle was carrying a bag of groceries from a courier company, and the woman's phone showed that she had placed her last order less than 10 minutes ago.
The person's short-term employment was not registered with the PPA.
The woman's visa was revoked and her visa-free stay in Estonia was reduced once.
The woman was issued with an order to leave Estonia within 15 days and banned from entering the country for 3 months."
