The sad fate of Johannes Varese: was it suicide or was he taken from life?
Did Johannes Vares shoot himself mainly to be nobler than death?
Or was he forced or intimidated into suicide?
Or eliminated for the reason that he resisted not physically but mentally....
Peeter Olesk discusses the life and death of Vares-Barbarus in his latest book.
When Johannes Vares, the poet Johannes Barbarus (12 Jan. 1890-29 Nov. 1946), was found dead in the bathroom of his Kadriorg apartment in the early hours of the morning, he was not, of course, shaving with a handkerchief, but probably with shaving cream, some kind of cream and a wax brush.
It couldn't have been a difficult or painful morning toilet, because he probably shaved every day, but of course he had several kinds of cologne water by the mirror, and the fluids to remove the bloody traces of the incision.
The question is whether he wrote the two pre-mortem letters before he went in front of the mirror or afterwards, with his chin already shaved.
The answer to this question would help us to find out what time Johannes Vares went to bed on the morning of the day he died, how much time he had to write his farewell letters and where he did it.
A writing desk, white sheets of paper, ink pot and pen head are not common items in a bathroom!
It takes about an hour to write two rather long, yet extremely personal letters.
It might have taken twenty minutes to shave, brush his teeth and rinse his gullet, but what Johannes Crow could not have known was the length of time it would take to search for him and who would be the first to find his body.
Under these circumstances, I am inclined to think that the farewell letters were prepared before the death occurred, at the latest on the previous evening.
Consequently, they were written consciously, not affectively.
According to Nigol Andresen, Johannes Vares did not want to live as an invalid at the end of his life.
It could be inferred that he knew the course of his illness.
However, the word 'disabled' does not necessarily mean an outwardly visible disability, it can also mean incapacity for work or dismissal from work for health reasons.
