Paul Oja: the grim visions of the future in Tom Clancy's brawling novels also spoke of pandemics
In the 1960s, Soviet science fiction gradually began to break out of the obscure latticework of carving around purely technical minutiae or fighting pests.
On the one hand, bright visions of a happy communist future for mankind were constructed (Ivan Yefremov's Andromeda's Fog in 1957, Arkady and Boris Strugatsky's The Noon in 1962), while on the other hand, Western fantasy, or dystopias of future wars, acts of terror or pandemics created under conditions of rampant capitalism, were condemned.
Most of the time, people would still say, "In 2000...!".
So what is and what is to come... As we know, Soviet communism, with its bright visions of the future, disappeared into the black hole of history even before that magical year.
However, the more incisive Western writers are still providing food for thought.
Tom Clancy, a skilful and prolific writer of technothrillers, or technical brawlers, kept a keen eye on world events.
In 1975, a Soviet missile carrier tried to escape from the port of Riga to Sweden, but was forced to stop 50 miles short of the Swedish territorial waters.
In 1984, Clancy's thriller The Hunt of Red October, which may have been inspired by this event, was published and became a worldwide bestseller.
"The Invisible Enemy (Patriot Games, 1987) is about the terrorist activities of the Irish Liberation Army.
"The Cardinal of the Cremlin (1988) sheds light on the arms race between the US and the Soviet Union in space against the backdrop of Reagan's strategic defence initiative, with the hopelessly stalled Soviet war in Afghanistan as a side story.
"Clear and Present Danger (1989) describes the war against drug barons in the forests of Colombia and in the offices of Washington, while The Sum of All Fears (1991) explores what would happen if terrorists in the Middle East were to get their hands on a nuclear weapon.
Little by little, however, the temporal relationship between Tom Clancy and the material he was covering began to change.
Close monitoring of world developments made it possible to predict some key events - albeit in the form of dark scenarios which, sadly, had a tendency to turn from thriller to reality.
At the end of the novel Debt of Honor, a terrorist crashes a large passenger plane into the White House just as a congressional session with the President is taking place.
The novel was published in 1994; we know well what happened on 9 September 2001.
All the threatening visions painted by Clancy have not come true.
The Great War between China and Russia, described in the 2000 novel The Bear and the Dragon, has not taken place.
More?
Contrary to Francis Fukuyama's opinion and the perestroika-era exorcism of Prophet Priscilla, history is far from over....
In the novel Executive Orders, 1996, the US is attacked with a bacterial weapon in an attempt to bring about the collapse of the country through an epidemic.
Thanks to universal vaccination, the epidemic is quickly eradicated.
It's much easier to come up with a vaccine that really works in a novel than in reality.
In Rainbow Six, 1998, the threat is much more serious.
A cutting-edge scientist, who is also the head of one of the world's largest pharmaceutical companies, has assembled a band of venomous masterminds determined to wipe out most of the world's population in a pandemic - to save the planet from the deadly consequences of human activity.
Ebola is the basis for the development of a guaranteed killer virus.
At the same time, two vaccines will be created.
Vaccine A really does protect against the disease.
It is injected into like-minded and otherwise trusted or necessary people before the virus starts spreading.
Vaccine B, on the other hand, is intended to be generally marketed soon after the pandemic outbreak.
It seems to provide some protection, but in reality it is designed to spread the disease further, to make sure it still comes close to the original objectives.
The virus is planned to be spread through an air humidification system at the Olympic stadium in Australia's hot weather.
Brave counter-terrorism fighters from the Rainbow group, with the help of a former KGB officer, get a last-minute break, humanity escapes the evil plague and life goes on as before.
