Prosecutor in the case of the man who stabbed a woman to death: he regretted his actions and voluntarily sought help
We wrote on Wednesday about a case in which Kiuri, who abused a woman and caused her death by carelessness, was asked to serve a two-year prison sentence, suspended for three years and three months.
This means that, as things stand at the moment, the man would only have to spend two days behind bars.
According to District Prosecutor Kelly Kruusimägi, such a punishment is justified because Kiur regretted the act and voluntarily sought help for his problems.
We publish the prosecutor's comments.
"The evidence gathered during the pre-trial investigation established that Kiur punched the woman once in the face and that the victim's death occurred approximately two days later.
Evidence confirms that immediately after the beating and for the next two days, the woman communicated with Kiuri.
The next day, the woman left the apartment, moved around and, according to Kiuri, did not realise that the woman may have suffered a medical injury that could be dangerous and require medical intervention.
Assessing the whole event, this is vitally plausible, because as an alcohol abuser, the woman may also have been moving normally with certain coordination problems.
Nor was the victim bloody or complaining of anything unusual after the attack.
Therefore, we did not find intent to kill and the evidence did not point to intent to cause life-threatening injury.
Kiuri has no current criminal convictions.
He confessed to hitting the victim and regretted his actions and the fact that he did not understand the need to call an ambulance.
He voluntarily sought help for his alcohol problem and he is working.
Taking into account all these circumstances, but above all the specific act and the man's previous behaviour, the prosecutor's office asked for a sentence of two years' imprisonment, which will not be enforced unless Kiur commits a new crime within a longer probation period of three years and three months.
The probation period is the period during which the person must prove that he or she will live lawfully in the future, which is one of the aims of the sentence.
This solution was agreed by all parties, including the victim's mother, who also said in her testimony that she did not believe that Kiur wanted her dead."
