If the country you are going to visit becomes subject to a travel recommendation, it may affect your travel medical or cancellation insurance.
You may want to look at the advice of other governments rather than your own, but these are primarily for their own citizens.
An example is US citizens, who may face different situations in the Middle East than Europeans or Arabs.
Advice is only a brief summary of the political situation in a given country.
The opinions presented are often cursory, general and oversimplified compared to the more detailed information available elsewhere.
Inclement weather is a general term for any dangerous weather event with the potential to cause damage, serious social disruption or loss of human life.
Stormy weather can occur anywhere in the world, and has different forms that may depend on geography, topography, and atmospheric conditions.
Strong winds, hail, high rainfall and fires are the forms and consequences of stormy weather such as thunderstorms, tornadoes, cloudbursts and cyclones.
Regional and seasonal extreme weather events include blizzards, snowstorms, ice storms and dust storms.
Travellers are strongly advised to be aware of all possible risks of inclement weather in their area, as this can affect all travel plans.
Anyone planning to visit a country that could be considered a war zone should undergo professional training.
An Internet search for "Course for a Hostile Environment" will likely find the address of the local company.
The course usually deals in much more detail with all the problems described here, usually also in the form of practical exercises.
The course usually lasts 2-5 days and includes role-based training, thorough first aid training and sometimes weapons handling.
Wildlife survival books and magazines are common, but publications on war zones are scarce.
Passengers planning a gender reassignment operation abroad must ensure that they carry valid documents for the return journey.
The willingness of governments to issue passports without gender (X) or documents updated to match the desired name and gender varies.
Foreign governments' willingness to honor these documents varies.
Inspections at security checkpoints became much more intrusive after September 11, 2001.
Transgender people before surgery should not expect to go through scanners and their privacy and dignity remain intact.
Reverse currents are returning waves that break against the beach, often at the point of a cliff, etc.
Due to the underwater topology, the reverse current is concentrated in several deeper sections, and it is here that a rapid current can be created into deep water.
Most deaths are due to fatigue from trying to swim back upstream, which can be impossible.
Once you get out of the current, swimming back is no more difficult than usual.
Try heading somewhere where the current won't pull you down again, or wait for help based on your abilities and depending on whether you've been noticed.
