If there are travel advisories for the country you are visiting, this may affect your travel health or travel accident insurance.
You may want to consult another government instead of your own, but their advice is for their own citizens.
As one example, American citizens may face different situations in the Middle East compared to Europeans or Arabs.
A country's travel advice is just a brief summary of the political situation in one country.
The views presented are often superficial, generalised and oversimplified compared to the more detailed information available elsewhere.
Severe weather is a generic term for any hazardous weather event that has the potential to cause damage, serious social disruption or loss of life.
Severe weather events can occur anywhere in the world and there are different types, depending on geography, topography and atmospheric conditions.
Strong winds, hail, excessive rainfall and forest fires are extreme weather phenomena, as are thunderstorms, tornadoes, waterspouts and cyclones.
Regional and seasonal severe weather events are windstorms, snowstorms, ice storms and sandstorms.
Travellers are strongly advised to be aware of any severe weather threats affecting the region as this may affect travel plans.
Anyone planning to travel to a country that may be considered a war zone should undergo professional training.
An internet search for a hostile environment course is likely to return the address of a local company.
The course will usually cover the issues discussed here in much more detail, usually with practical experience.
The course usually lasts between 3 and 5 days and includes role-playing, lots of first aid and sometimes weapons training.
Books and magazines on the sustainability of wildlife are common, but there are few publications on war zones.
Travellers planning to undertake a combat mission abroad should ensure that they have valid documents for their return journey.
Governments vary in their willingness to issue passports without gender (X) on them, or documents that have been updated to reflect the name or gender of the person they wish to return to.
The willingness of foreign governments to respect these documents also varies widely.
At security checkpoints, searches have become much more thorough since 11 September 2001.
Pre-operational transgender people should not be expected to pass security checks without their privacy and dignity intact.
In the case of backwater currents, the water current bounces back from the beach, often from the water or something similar.
Due to subsurface land formations, the return flow moves to a few deeper locations and there a rapid current can form which heads into deep water.
Most deaths are caused by the fatigue of swimming against the current, which can be an impossible task.
Once out of the current, swimming back in is no more difficult than usual.
Try to move to somewhere where you won't be swept away again, or if you are not skilled enough and have been spotted, you can wait for a rescue team.
