If the country you visit becomes subject to traveler advice, your health insurance or trip cancellation insurance may be affected.
You might also want to seek advice from a government that is not yours, but whose advice is designed for its citizens.
For American citizens, for example, the situation in the Middle East will be different from those for Europeans or Arabs.
The recommendations are only a brief summary of the political situation in each country.
The views presented are often superficial, generalized and simplified compared to more detailed information available elsewhere.
Extreme weather conditions are the general term for all dangerous weather events that can cause damage, serious disturbance to society or loss of human life.
Extreme weather conditions can occur anywhere in the world and there are several different types depending on geography, topography and atmospheric conditions.
The forms and consequences of extreme weather are strong winds, hail, excessive rainfall and forest fires, as well as storms, tornadoes, water thrombs and cyclones.
Regional and seasonal weather disasters include blizzards, snowstorms, ice storms and sandstorms.
Travelers are advised to pay attention to any possible extreme weather conditions in the area, as these may affect their travel plans.
Anyone planning to visit a country that can be considered a war zone should obtain professional training.
If you search the Internet for a "course on a hostile environment", you will most likely get a local business address.
The course usually covers all the problems mentioned here in much more detail, usually along with hands-on experience.
The course usually lasts 2-5 days and includes role-playing, many first aid procedures, and occasionally weapon handling training.
Books and magazines about survival in nature are widespread, and publications about war zones are only a few.
Travelers planning a gender reassignment surgery abroad should make sure they have valid documents with them to go back.
Not all governments are prepared to issue an unmarked gender passport (X) or documents with up-to-date information on the desired name and gender.
The willingness of foreign governments to respect these documents also differs.
Inspections at security points have become much more disruptive in the period since 11 September 2001.
Before surgery, transgender people should not expect to survive the examination without invading privacy and with intact dignity.
Reverse currents are currents that are returned from waves that refract along the coast, often on reefs or something similar.
Due to the underwater topology, the reverse flow is concentrated on a few deeper sections, and there a rapid flow can form towards the depth.
Most deaths occur due to fatigue when swimming back against the current, which can be impossible.
When you manage to get out of the current, swimming back will be no different from normal.
Try to point somewhere where you won't get caught up again, or wait for lifeguards based on your skills and whether you've been noticed.
