If the country you are visiting becomes the subject of travel advice, this may affect your health or travel cancellation insurance.
You may also wish to seek advice from a government other than your own, but whose advice is designed for its citizens.
For example, the situation in the Middle East will be different for US citizens than for Europeans or Arabs.
The recommendations are only a brief summary of the political situation in each country.
The views presented are often superficial, generalised and simplistic compared to more detailed information available elsewhere.
A weather emergency is a general term for any hazardous weather event that can cause damage, serious disruption to society or loss of human life.
Weather emergencies can occur anywhere in the world and there are several different types depending on geography, topography and atmospheric conditions.
The forms and consequences of extreme weather include high winds, hail, excessive rainfall and forest fires, as well as storms, tornadoes, waterspouts and cyclones.
Regional and seasonal weather events include snow showers, blizzards, ice storms and sandstorms.
Travellers are advised to be alert to any potential weather emergencies in the area as these may affect their travel plans.
Anyone planning to visit a country that may be considered a war zone should seek professional training.
If you search on the internet for 'hostile environment course', you will most likely get the address of a local company.
The course usually covers all the issues mentioned here in much more detail, usually together with practical experience.
The course usually lasts 2-5 days and includes role-playing, lots of first aid procedures and occasionally weapons training.
Books and magazines on survival in the wild are widespread, but there are only a handful of publications on war zones.
Travellers planning a sex-change operation abroad should make sure they have valid documents for the return journey.
Not all governments are willing to issue a passport with an unmarked gender (X) or documents with updated information on the preferred name and gender.
The willingness of foreign governments to respect these documents also varies.
Screening at security checkpoints has become much more intrusive in the post-11 September 2001 period.
Transgender people should not expect to survive a pre-operative screening without invasion of privacy and with their dignity intact.
Currents are currents returning from waves breaking off the coast, often on reefs or something similar.
Due to the underwater topology, the return current is concentrated in a few deeper stretches and there it can form a fast current towards the depth.
Most deaths are due to fatigue from swimming back upstream, which can be impossible.
Once you manage to get out of the current, swimming back will be no different from normal.
Try to head somewhere where you won't get caught again, or, depending on your skills and whether you have been spotted, wait for rescuers.
