Scientists said the storm, which was located 645 miles (1,040 km) west of the Cape Verde Islands, was likely to dissipate before making landfall.
Hurricane Fred currently has sustained winds of 150 miles per hour (165 km/h) and is moving in a northwesterly direction.
Fred is the strongest tropical cyclone recorded this far southeast in the Atlantic since the advent of satellite imagery, and only the third major hurricane on record east of the 35°W meridian.
800 miles of the Trans-Alaska Pipeline System has been shut down due to the spill of thousands of barrels of crude oil south of the city of Fairbanks, Alaska.
A power outage following a routine fire protection system test caused safety valves to open and oil to overflow near the Fort Greely 9 gas station.
Opening the valves allowed the system to depressurize and the oil flowed onto the platform into a tank that holds 55,000 barrels (2.3 million gallons).
As of Wednesday afternoon, there was still a leak from the tank vent, likely caused by thermal expansion inside the tank.
Another secondary containment area below the tanks, capable of holding 104,500 barrels, has not yet been filled to its full capacity.
The bus was headed to Six Flags St.Louis, Missouri, where the band was scheduled to play a sold-out concert.
On Saturday at 1:15 a.m., according to witnesses, the bus was passing through the green light when a car swerved in front of it.
On the night of August 9, the eye of Typhoon Morakot was about 70 kilometers from the Chinese province of Fujian.
The typhoon is believed to be moving towards China at a speed of 11 km/h.
Twin Otter attempted to land on Kokoda yesterday as part of PNG flight CG4684, but had already aborted the landing once.
About ten minutes before the second landing attempt was to take place, the plane disappeared.
The crash site has been located today and is so inaccessible that two police officers had to be dropped off in the jungle to walk to the crashed plane to search for survivors.
The search operation was hampered by equally bad weather, which caused the aborted landing.
According to reports, a flat on Macbeth Street exploded due to a gas leak.
A gas company representative arrived at the scene after a neighbor reported a gas leak.
When the official arrived, the apartment had exploded.
No serious injuries were reported, but at least five people with symptoms of shock were treated at the scene of the blast.
No one was in the apartment.
Almost 100 permanent residents were evacuated from the area immediately afterwards.
At least 100 people attended the party held to celebrate the first anniversary of the couple, who were married last year.
According to official sources, a formal anniversary event has been planned for a later date.
The couple married a year ago in Texas and came to Buffalo to celebrate with friends and family.
A 30-year-old man born in Buffalo was one of the four killed in the shooting, but his wife was not injured.
Tropical Storm Danielle formed in the eastern Atlantic Ocean, the fourth named storm of the 2010 Atlantic hurricane season.
The storm, located about 3,000 miles from Miami, Florida, has maximum sustained winds of 40 mph (64 km/h).
Scientists with the National Hurricane Center predict Danielle will strengthen to hurricane speed by Wednesday.
Because the storm is located far from the coast, it remains difficult to assess its potential impact on the United States or the Caribbean.
Thirteen-year-old motorcycle racer Peter Lenz died after an accident at the Indianapolis Motor Speedway.
During the warm-up lap, Lenz fell off his bike and was hit by another rider, Xavier Zayat.
Track medics immediately rushed to his aid and he was transported to a local hospital, where he later died.
Zayat was not injured in the accident.
