The storm, situated about 645 miles (1040 km) west of the Cape Verde islands, is likely to dissipate before threatening any land areas, forecasters say.
Fred currently has winds of 105 miles per hour (165 km/h) and is moving towards the northwest.
Fred is the strongest tropical cyclone ever recorded so far south and east in the Atlantic since the advent of satellite imagery, and only the third major hurricane on record east of 35°W.
800 miles of the Trans-Alaska Pipeline System were closed down following a spill of thousands of barrels of crude oil south of Fairbanks, Alaska.
A power failure following a routine fire-command system test caused relief valves to open and crude oil overflowed near the Fort Greely pump station 9.
The valves opening allowed a pressure release for the system and oil flowed on a pad to a tank that can hold 55,000 barrels (2.3 million gallons).
As of Wednesday afternoon, the tank vents were still leaking probably from thermal expansion inside the tank.
Another secondary containment area below the tanks capable of holding 104,500 barrels was not yet filled to capacity.
The bus was headed to Six Flags St. Louis in Missouri for the band to play to a sold-out crowd.
At 1:15 a.m. Saturday, according to witnesses, the bus was going through a green light when the car made a turn in front of it.
As of the night of August 9, the eye of Morakot was about seventy kilometres away from the Chinese province of Fujian.
The typhoon is estimated to be moving toward China at eleven kph.
The Twin Otter had been trying to land at Kokoda yesterday as Airlines PNG Flight CG4684, but had aborted once already.
About ten minutes before it was due to land from its second approach it disapeared.
The crash site was located today and is so inaccessable that two policemen were dropped into the jungle in order to hike to the scene and seek survivors.
The search had been hampered by the same bad weather that had caused the aborted landing.
According to reports, an apartment on Macbeth Street exploded due to a gas leak.
An official with the gas company was reporting to the scene after a neighbor called about a gas leak.
When the official arrived, the apartment exploded.
No major injuries were reported, but at least five people on scene at the time of the explosion were treated for symptoms of shock.
No one was inside the apartment.
At the time, nearly 100 residents were evacuated from the area.
At least 100 people had attended the party, in order to celebrate the first anniversary of a couple whose wedding was held last year.
A formal anniversary event was scheduled for a later date, officials said.
The couple had married in Texas one year ago and came to Buffalo to celebrate with friends and relatives.
The 30-year-old husband, who was born in Buffalo, was one of the four killed in the shooting, but his wife was not hurt.
Tropical Storm Danielle, fourth named storm of the 2010 Atlantic hurricane season, has formed in the eastern Atlantic Ocean.
The storm, located approximately 3,000 miles from Miami, Florida, has maximum sustained winds of 40 mph (64 kph).
Scientists at the National Hurricane Center predict that Danielle will strengthen to a hurricane by Wednesday.
As the storm is far from landfall, it remains difficult to assess potential impact to the United States or Caribbean.
Peter Lenz, a 13-year-old motorcycle racer, has died after being involved in a crash at the Indianapolis Motor Speedway.
While on his warm-up lap, Lenz fell off his bike, and was then struck by fellow racer Xavier Zayat.
He was immediately attended to by the on-track medical staff and transported to a local hospital where he later died.
Zayat was unhurt in the accident.
