"The storm, located 645 miles (1,040 km) west of the Cape Verde Islands, will most likely dissipate before threatening any land," the forecaster said.
Fred currently has sustained winds of 105 mph (165 km/h) and is moving toward the northwest.
Fred is the strongest tropical cyclone ever detected this far south and east in the Atlantic Ocean since the invention of satellite imagery, and only the third major hurricane detected east of 35°W longitude.
The 800-mile Trans-Alaska Pipeline was shut down after thousands of barrels of crude oil spilled south of Fairbanks, Alaska.
A power outage following a fire system inspection caused relief valves to open and crude oil to overflow at Fort Greely's 9th Pumping Station.
The opening of the valves allowed the system to depressurize and the oil flowed onto the platform and from there into the 55,000 barrel (2.3 million gallon) storage tank.
As of Wednesday afternoon, the tank's vent valves were still leaking, believed to be due to thermal expansion within the tank.
Another secondary containment below the 104,500-barrel tanks was not yet completely filled.
The bus headed to the Six Flags St. Louis amusement park in Missouri for the band to play a sold-out venue.
According to eyewitnesses, the bus was crossing the intersection with a green light at 1:15 a.m. on Saturday night when a car turned in front of it.
On the night of August 9, the center of Morakot was about seventy kilometers from China's Fujian province.
According to estimates, the typhoon is moving towards China at a speed of 11 km/h.
Twin Otter had attempted to land at Kokoda yesterday as PNG Airlines flight CG4684, but had already aborted once.
About ten minutes after the original landing time, it disappeared on the second approach attempt.
The crash site was discovered today and is so inaccessible that two police officers were sent into the jungle to hike to the scene and search for survivors.
The search was hampered by the same bad weather that had caused the failed landing.
A flat on Macbeth Street is rumored to have exploded due to a gas leak.
A gas company official came to the scene after a neighbor called to report a gas leak.
When the officer arrived, the apartment exploded.
No serious injuries were reported, but at least five people who were at the scene at the time of the blast were treated for shock symptoms.
There was no one in the apartment.
On this occasion, nearly 100 residents were evacuated from the area.
At least 100 people attended the party to celebrate the anniversary of the couple, who were married last year.
The official anniversary event has been postponed to a later date, officials said.
The couple got married a year ago in Texas and came to Buffalo to celebrate with friends and family.
A 30-year-old man born in Buffalo was one of four people killed in the shooting, but his wife was not injured.
Tropical Storm Danielle, the fourth named storm of the 2010 Atlantic hurricane season, formed in the eastern Atlantic.
Located 3,000 miles from Miami, Florida, the storm has maximum sustained winds of 40 mph (64 km/h).
National Hurricane Center scientists predict Danielle will reach hurricane strength by Wednesday.
Because the storm is still far from the coast, it is difficult to assess its potential impact on the United States or the Caribbean islands.
Peter Lenz, a 13-year-old motorcycle racer, died after an accident at the Indianopolis Motor Speedway.
During the warm-up lap, Lenz fell off his bike and was run over by fellow competitor Xavier Zayat.
He was immediately attended to by track medical personnel and transported to a local hospital where he later died.
Zaya was not injured in the accident.
