Forecasters say the storm, located about 645 miles (1,040 km) west of the Cape Verde Islands, is likely to dissipate before it can threaten any land.
Fred, which currently has sustained winds of 105 mph (165 km/h), is moving northwest.
Fred is the most powerful tropical cyclone ever to penetrate this far into the south and east Atlantic since satellite imagery has existed, and only the third largest hurricane on record east of the 35°W meridian.
After thousands of barrels of crude oil spilled south of Fairbanks, Alaska, 800 miles of the Trans-Alaska oil pipeline were shut down.
A power outage following a routine fire alarm system test opened safety valves near Pump Station 9 in Fort Greely, spilling crude oil.
Opening the valves depressurized the system and oil flowed from the sump into the 55,000-barrel (2.3 million gallon) tank.
As of Wednesday afternoon, the valves on the tanks were still leaking, most likely as a result of thermal expansion in the tank.
Another secondary containment area below the 104,500 barrel capacity tanks has not yet been filled.
The bus was headed to Six Flags St.Louis, Missouri, where the band is scheduled to perform to a sold-out venue.
According to the statements of witnesses, the bus was supposed to go through a green light at 1:15 a.m. on Saturday when a car crossed its path.
On the night of August 9, the eye of Typhoon Morakot was about seventy kilometers away from the Chinese province of Fujian.
The typhoon is said to be moving towards China at a speed of 11 km/h.
Twin Otter attempted to land in Kokoda yesterday as Airlines PNG flight CG4684, but had already aborted the attempt once.
About ten minutes before it was supposed to land from the second approach, it disappeared.
The crash site, which was discovered today, is so inaccessible that two policemen were let into the jungle to go there on foot and search for possible survivors.
The search was hampered by the same bad weather as that which caused the cancellation of the landing.
According to reports, a flat on Macbeth Street exploded due to a gas leak.
A gas company employee arrived on the scene after a neighbor called about a gas leak.
When the employee arrived, the apartment had exploded.
No serious injuries were reported, but at least five people who were present at the scene of the explosion at the time required treatment for signs of shock.
There was no one in the apartment.
At that time, almost 100 residents were evacuated from this area.
At least 100 people attended the first anniversary party for the couple, who married last year.
The official anniversary event was scheduled for later, authorities said.
The couple married in Texas last year and came to Buffalo to celebrate with friends and family.
The 30-year-old husband, a native of Buffalo, was one of four victims of the shooting, but his wife was not injured.
Tropical Cyclone Danielle, the fourth named cyclone of the 2010 Atlantic hurricane season, formed in the eastern Atlantic Ocean.
The storm, which is about 3,000 miles from Miami, Florida, has sustained winds of up to 40 mph (64 km/h).
Scientists at the National Hurricane Center predict Danielle will strengthen into a hurricane by Wednesday.
As the storm is still far from land, it is difficult to assess how it might affect the United States or the Caribbean.
Peter Lenz, a 13-year-old motorcycle racer involved in a crash at the Indianapolis Motor Speedway, has died.
Lenz fell off his bike during the warm-up lap and was then hit by his racing colleague Xavier Zayat.
He was immediately treated by race medical staff and transported to a local hospital where he later died.
Zayat took her away uninjured in the accident.
