The entrances to all the caves, called the Seven Sisters, are at least 100 to 250 metres (328 to 820 feet) in diameter.
Based on the temperature variation between night and day that can be seen in the infrared images, these are likely to be caves.
"They are cooler during the day and warmer at night than the surrounding surface."
"Their thermal behaviour is not as stable as that of the Earth's large caves, which often maintain a fairly constant temperature, but it is consistent with large holes in the ground," said Glen Cushing, a member of the US Geological Survey astrogeology team and an alumnus of Northern Arizona University in Flagstaff, Arizona."""
The ASUS Eee PC, which was launched around the world a few years ago due to its cost-effectiveness and functional factors, has become a hot topic at the 2007 Taipei IT Month.
But the notebook consumer market is changing so radically after the Republic of China's Executive Yuan awarded ASUS the Taiwan Sustainability Award in 2007.
On 25 January, mathematician and University of Central Missouri computer science professor Curtis Cooper discovered the largest prime number known to date.
The discovery was confirmed by several people using different hardware and software in early February and was announced on Tuesday.
It is possible that comets supplied the Earth with water, along with organic matter capable of forming proteins and supporting life.
Scientists hope to understand how planets form, in particular how the Earth formed, since comets collided with Earth a long time ago.
A study published in the journal Science on Thursday announced the emergence of a new species of bird in the Galapagos Islands of Ecuador.
Researchers from Princeton University in the US and Uppsala University in Sweden reported that the new species evolved in just two generations, although the process was thought to take much longer. The endemic dark-eared ground squirrel, Geospiza fortes, and the invasive bush-eared ground squirrel, Geospiza conirostris, interbred.
