During this trip, Iwasaki got into trouble several times.
He was kidnapped by pirates, attacked by a rabid dog in Tibet, fled from marriage in Nepal and was arrested in India.
The islands of East Africa are located in the Indian Ocean off the east coast of Africa.
Madagascar is by far the largest and pratically separate mander in terms of fauna.
Most of the smaller islands are independent countries or ties to France and are known as luxury beach resorts.
Combined with its relatively difficult accessibility, Timbuktud has come to be used as a metaphor for exotic, remote places.
Timbuktu is an impoverished city, although its fame makes it a landmark and there is an airport.
In 1990, it was added to the list of world heritage in danger due to the threat of desert sands.
It was one of the most important stops in Henry Louis Gates' PBS special show "Wonders of the African World."
Compared to other cities in the country, it is completely different in that it has an Arab rather than an African vibe.
If you cross the northern part of the Baltic Sea in winter, then check where your cabin is located, because driving through the ice creates a pretty strong noise for nearby cabins.
Cruises to St. Petersburg include time in the city. Cruise passengers are exempt from visa requirements (check conditions).
Usually, casinos struggle to ensure that guests stay there as long as possible and spend as much money as possible. Usually there are no windows and bells, and exits are difficult to find.
Usually they have special food, drink and entertainment offers so that guests are in a good mood and do not leave.
Some places offer alcoholic beverages at the expense of the house. However, being drunk weakens judgment, and all good gamblers know that it is important to stay sober.
Europe is a relatively small mander, which, however, has many independent states. Typically, transit through several countries means that you have to apply for a visa and go through passport control several times.
However, in this matter, the Schengen zone functions somewhat like one country.
As long as you stay within this zone, you will in principle be able to cross borders so that you do not go through passport control points again.
If you have a Schengen visa, you do not need to apply for a visa to each Schengen member state separately, thereby saving time, money and paperwork.
Air travel can be a daunting experience for people of all ages and backgrounds, especially if it's their primary flight or they've had traumatic cases in the past.
It does not need to be ashamed, it is no different from the personal fears and aversions to other things that many people have.
For some, understanding the principles of operation of aircraft and what is happening in flight can help overcome fear based on ignorance or lack of control.
Courier companies are well paid for the fast delivery of parcels. Often, time is very important for business documents, goods or spare parts for urgent repairs.
On some routes, large companies have their own aircraft, but other routes and smaller companies had problems.
If things were sent by air, it could take days of unloading and passing customs checks on some routes.
The only way to pass it faster was to send it as checked baggage. The rules of the airline do not allow them to ship luggage without a passenger, this is where you come into play.
The easiest way to fly first class is to shell out a big pile of money for that luxury (or better yet, let your company do it for you).
But this is not cheap: as a rule of thumb, you can expect to have to pay four times for business class, and 11 times more for the first class than for a regular economy class!
In general, it does not even make sense to look for discounts on business or first-class seats on direct flights from point A to point B.
Airlines know very well that there is a group of flyers who are willing to pay a large amount of money for the luxury of flying somewhere quickly and comfortably, and charge the corresponding price for this.
Izmir is the third largest city in Turkey with a population of almost 3.7 million, it is home to the second largest port after Istanbul and is a very good transport center.
The once ancient city of Smyrna is now a modern, developed and bustling shopping center, located on a large bay and surrounded by mountains.
Wide boulevards, glass-fronted buildings and modern shopping malls are embodied in traditional red brick roofs, an 18th-century market, and old mosques and churches, although the city has an atmosphere of Mediterranean Europe rather than traditional Turkey.
The village of Haldarsvík overlooks the nearby island of Eysturoy and is home to a rare octagonal church.
In the churchyard above some graves there are interesting sculptures of marble pigeons.
It is worth taking half an hour of your time to frog around this interesting city.
To the north is the easily accessible romantic and charming small town of Sintra, which became known among foreigners after Lord Byron brilliantly described its charms.
Scotturb bus No. 403 often travels to Sintra and stops on the way to Cabo da Roca.
To the north, also visit the shrine (sanctuary) of Our Lady of Fatima, which is famous around the world as a place of apparitions of the Virgin Mary.
Remember that you are essentially visiting a mass grave, and that this place has an almost invaluable meaning for a significant portion of the world's population.
Even today, there are still men and women alive who have survived the time spent here, and there are even more whose beloved neighbors were killed here or forced to work to death, whether they were Jewish or not.
Treat this place with all the dignity, solemnity, and respect it deserves. Don't joke about the Holocaust or the Nazis.
Do not spoil the place by sodding its buildings with a marker or scraping them.
The official languages of Barcelona are Catalan and Spanish. About half prefer to speak Catalan, the vast majority understand it, and practically everyone can speak Spanish.
But most of the signs are only catalan boil, because by law it is the first official language.
But Spanish is also widely used in public transport and other facilities.
In the subway, notifications are regularly transmitted only in Catalan, but unplanned alarms are reported by an automated system in several different languages, including Spanish, English, French, Arabic and Japanese.
There is a widespread belief that Parisians are self-centered, arrogant and full of themselves.
Although this is often just an inaccurate stereotype, the best way to cope in Paris is still to behave as politely as possible, holding yourself up like a "bien élevé" (well-educated) person. This makes it significantly easier to move around.
The profane attitude of Parisians quickly disappears if you show elementary politeness.
Plitvice Lakes National Park is covered with dense forests, mainly beeches, spruces and firs, and a mixture of mountain and Mediterranean vegetation grows there.
There, thanks to its different microclimates, soils and prowess, there is a remarkably wide variety of plant species.
The area is also home to an extremely diverse collection of animal and bird species.
Here, in addition to many common species, you can also find rare animals, such as the European brown bear, wolf, eagle, owl, lynx, forest cat and wild boar
When visiting monasteries, women must wear skirts covering their knees, and their shoulders must also be covered.
Most monasteries do offer body coverings for unprepared women, but if you have something with you, especially if it's brightly colored, the monk or nun at the entrance will smile at you.
Similarly, men must wear trousers that cover their knees.
It can also be rented at the entrance, but the item of clothing is not washed after each user, so wearing these skirts may not be pleasant. For men, one size fits all!
