During his travels, Iwasaki often found himself in trouble.
He was robbed by pirates, attacked by a rabid dog in Tibet, eloped from his wedding in Nepal and was arrested in India.
The East African islands lie in the Indian Ocean off the east coast of Africa.
Madagascar is by far the largest and most isolated continent, considering its fauna and flora.
The smaller islands are mostly independent countries or linked to France and are known as luxury seaside resorts.
In addition, because it is also quite inaccessible, "Timbuktu" is used as another name for exotic, remote lands.
Although its reputation makes it a tourist attraction and it has an airport, Timbuktu is today a deprived town.
In 1990 it was added to the list of World Heritage in Danger because of the dangers of desert sands.
It was one of the main stops on Henry Louis Gates' PBS special 'Wonders of the African World'.
This city is quite different from the rest of the country, with more of an Arab flavour than an African one.
If you cross the northern Baltic Sea in winter, look out for the cabin, as breaking through the ice makes a rather eerie sound for the most sensitive.
Cruises from St Petersburg include a stop in the city. Cruise passengers are exempt from visa requirements (check conditions).
Casinos usually go to great lengths to ensure that guests spend as much time and money as possible. There are usually no windows or hours, and exits are hard to find.
They usually offer food, drink and entertainment to keep visitors entertained and with them as long as possible.
In some locations, alcoholic beverages are included in the price. Alcoholism does affect judgement and good gamblers know the importance of staying sober.
Europe is a continent that is relatively small but has many independent countries. Under normal circumstances, travelling through several countries would mean having to apply for visas and pass pass passport checks several times.
In this respect, however, the Schengen area functions somewhat like one country.
Within this area, you can cross borders without going through checkpoints again, where you have to show your passport.
If you have a Schengen visa, you also do not need to apply for a visa for each Schengen Member State separately, saving time, money and paperwork.
Travelling by plane can be a scary experience, no matter how old people are or where they come from, especially if they have never flown before or have had a traumatic experience.
This is nothing to be ashamed of, as it is no different from the personal fear and aversion to other things that afflicts many people.
If they understand a little about how planes work and what happens during flight, it can help some to overcome the fear that comes from the unknown or lack of control.
Courier services are well paid for delivering things quickly. Often with business documents, trade goods or spare parts for urgent repairs, time is of the essence.
Larger companies have their own aircraft for some routes, but for other routes and smaller companies there is a problem.
If they send things via air freight, on some routes they may need several days to unload and clear customs.
The only way to get them through faster is to send them as checked baggage. Airline rules do not allow baggage to be sent without a passenger, and that's where you come in.
The obvious way to fly first or business class is to dig deep into your pockets for the privilege (or, better, have your company do it for you).
But it's not cheap: as a rule of thumb, you can expect to pay up to four times more for business class than for economy and 11 times more for first class!
On direct flights from A to B, it generally doesn't even make sense to look for discounts on business or first class seats.
Airlines know full well that there is a core group of passengers who are willing to pay a lot for the privilege of getting somewhere quickly and comfortably, and they charge accordingly.
Izmir is the third largest city in Turkey with a population of around 3.7 million, the second largest port after Istanbul and a very good transport hub.
The former ancient city of Smyrna is now a modern, developed and vibrant business centre, clustered around a huge bay surrounded by mountains.
Wide avenues, glass-fronted buildings and modern shopping malls are accompanied by traditional brick roofs, an 18th-century market and old mosques and churches, although the city has more of a European Mediterranean feel than a traditional Turkish one.
Haldarsvík overlooks the nearby island of Eysturoy and has an unusual octagonal church.
Some of the tombs in the churchyard have interesting marble statues of doves.
It is worth sacrificing half an hour to wander around this interesting village.
To the north and quite accessible is the romantic and fascinating town of Sintra, which became famous among foreigners when Lord Byron wrote such a glowing description of its beauty.
The Scotturb 403 bus runs regularly to Sintra and stops in Cabo da Roca.
In the north, you can also visit the beautiful Sanctuary of Our Lady of Fatima, the site of the world-famous apparitions of the Virgin Mary.
Bear in mind that you are actually at a mass grave site, but also a place of almost unimaginable significance for a large proportion of the world's population.
Many of the men and women who spent time there are still alive, and many more whose loved ones were murdered or worked themselves to death there, both Jews and non-Jews.
Behave with dignity, seriousness and respect, as you should. Do not make jokes about the Holocaust or the Nazis.
Do not destroy the site by tagging or scratching graffiti into buildings.
The official languages of Barcelona are Catalan and Spanish. About half prefer to speak Catalan, most understand it, and almost everyone can speak Spanish.
Most signs are only in Catalan, which is the first official language, as defined by law.
However, Spanish is widely used in public transport and other facilities.
Regular announcements on the metro are only in Catalan, but unforeseen disruptions are communicated in various languages, including Spanish, English, French, Arabic and Japanese, by an automated system.
Parisians have a reputation for being egocentric, rude and arrogant.
Although this stereotype is often misguided, you'll still get on best in Paris by behaving like someone who is "bien élevé" (well-mannered). This will make your journey much easier.
The apparent aloofness of Parisians will quickly evaporate if you show some basic manners.
The Plitvice Lakes National Park is heavily forested, mainly with beech, spruce and fir, and contains a mix of Alpine and Mediterranean vegetation.
Its diverse micro-climate, varying soils and altitude make it known for its wide range of plant communities.
The area is home to many different species of animals and birds.
Rare animals such as the brown bear, wolf, eagle, owl, lynx, wild cat and wild rooster can be found here, as well as many more common species.
Women are required to wear skirts that go past their knees and shoulders when visiting the monasteries.
Most monasteries provide cloaks for women who arrive unprepared, but if you bring your own, especially if it is brightly coloured, you will make the monk or nun at the entrance smile.
Similarly, men must wear trousers that cover their knees.
You can borrow these from the entrance, but you should be aware that they are not washed after every use, so you may not feel comfortable wearing them. For men, a universal size is available.
