During his trip, Iwasaki often found himself in trouble.
He was robbed by pirates, was attacked in Tibet by a running dog, fled to marriage in Nepal and arrested in India.
The East African Islands lie in the Indian Ocean off the east coast of Africa.
Madagascar is by far the largest and separate continent, considering its fauna and flora.
The smaller islands are mostly independent states or connected to France and known as luxury seaside resorts.
Since it is also quite difficult to access, "Timbuktu" is used as another name for exotic, distant lands.
Although its reputation makes it a tourist attraction and has an airport, Timbuktu is an impoverished city today.
In 1990, due to the threat of desert sand, it was added to the list of endangered World Heritage Sites.
It was one of the main stops of Henry Louis Gates' PBS special show "The Wonders of the African World".
This city is completely different from the rest of the country's cities in that it has a more Arabic touch than an African one.
If you're crossing the North Baltic Sea in winter, look at where the cabin is located, as punching through the ice makes a pretty scary sound for those most sensitive.
Cruises from St. Petersburg include a stop in the city. Cruise passengers are exempt from visa requirements (check conditions).
Casinos usually go to great lengths to devote as much time and money as possible to them. There are usually no windows and clocks, and exits are difficult to find.
Their offer usually includes food, drinks and entertainment spots to entertain visitors and keep them with them for as long as possible.
In some locations, alcoholic beverages are included in the price. Intoxication, however, affects judgment, and good gamblers know how important it is to stay sober.
Europe is a continent that is relatively small but has many independent states. Under normal circumstances, travelling through several countries would mean applying for a visa several times and passing passport checks.
The Schengen area, however, functions somewhat like one country in this respect.
Within this area, you can cross borders without going through the checkpoints again, where you should show your passport.
If you have a Schengen visa, you also do not need to apply for a visa for each Schengen area member state separately, thus saving time, money and paperwork.
Air travel can be a scary experience, no matter how old people are or where they come from, especially if they've never flown or experienced a traumatic experience.
There is no need to be ashamed of this, because it is no different from personal fear and aversion to other things that plagues many people.
Understanding a little bit about how aircraft work and what's going on during a flight can help some overcome the fear that comes from the unknown or lack of control.
Courier services are well paid for delivering things quickly. Often, time is very important for business documents, merchandise or spare parts for urgent repair.
Larger companies have their own aircraft for some routes, while for other routes and smaller companies there was a problem.
If they send things via air freight, it may take several days on some routes to explain and clear things up.
The only way to get them through faster is to send them as checked baggage. Airline policies don't allow luggage to be shipped without a passenger, and that's where you.
The obvious way to fly first or business class is to dig deep into your pocket for the privilege (or rather have your company do it for you).
But this is not cheap: as a rule, you can expect to pay up to four times more for a business class than for economy class, and eleven times more for first class!
On direct flights from point A to point B, there is generally no point in even looking for discounts for business or first class seats.
Airlines are well aware that there is a certain central group of passengers who are willing to pay a lot for the privilege of arriving quickly and comfortably, and charge accordingly.
With a population of about 3.7 million, the second largest port after Istanbul and a very good transport hub, Izmir is the third largest city in Turkey.
The former ancient city of Smyrna is today a modern, developed and lively business center, concentrated around a giant bay surrounded by mountains.
Wide alleys, glass-facade buildings and modern trade centres are accompanied by traditional brick roofs, an 18th-century market and old mosques and churches, although the city has a more European Mediterranean climate than traditional Turkish.
The village of Haldarsvík overlooks the nearby island of Eysturoy and houses an unusual octagonal church.
On some of the tombs in the churchyard are interesting marble statues of throats.
It pays to sacrifice half an hour for a walk through this fascinating village.
To the north and quite accessible is the romantic and fascinating city of Sintra, which became famous among foreigners when Lord Byron wrote such a dazzling description of its beauty.
The Scotturb 403 bus runs regularly to Scotturb and stops in Cabo da Roca.
To the north, you can also visit the magnificent Sanctuary of Our Lady of Fatima (holy place), the site of the world-famous apparitions of Mary.
Keep in mind that you are actually at a mass graveyard, but also in a place that is almost unthinkable for a large proportion of the world's population.
Many of the men and women who have spent their time there are still alive, and many more are those whose loved ones were murdered there or worked there until death, both Jews and non-Jews.
Behave with dignity, seriousness, and respect as befits you. Don't knock down jokes about the Holocaust or the Nazis.
Do not destroy the place by marking or scratching graffiti into buildings.
The official languages in Barcelona are Catalan and Spanish. About half prefer to speak Catalan, most people understand it, and almost everyone knows how to speak Spanish.
Most signs are only in Catalan, which is designated by law as the first official language.
However, Spanish is widely used in public transport and other facilities.
Regular metro announcements are only in Catalan, and unforeseen disturbances are communicated in various languages using the automatic system, including Spanish, English, French, Arabic and Japanese.
Parisians are famous for being self-centered, rude and arrogant.
Although this stereotype is often wrong, in Paris you will still get along best with good behavior by behaving like someone who is a "bien élevé" (well behaved). This will make your trip much easier.
The apparent cutting off of Parisians will quickly evaporate if you show some basic manners.
Plitvice Lakes National Park is heavily covered with forests, especially beech, spruce and fir, and contains a mixture of alpine and Mediterranean vegetation.
Due to its diverse microclimate, different soils and altitude, it is known for its wide range of plant communities.
This area is home to many different species of animals and birds.
Here you can come across such rare animals as brown bear, wolf, eagle, owl, lynx, wild cat and capercaillie, as well as many more common species.
When visiting monasteries, women must wear skirts that extend beyond their knees, and they must also have their shoulders covered.
Most monasteries offer capes to women who come unprepared, but if you bring your own, especially if it is vivid, you will make the monk or nun laugh at the entrance.
Similarly, men must wear trousers that cover their knees.
These can also be borrowed from the entrance, but you should know that they are not washed after each use, so it may not be the most pleasant for you to wear them. For men, a universal size is offered.
