Hesperonychus elizabethae is a species of the family Dromaeosauridae and is related to the genus Velociraptora.
This fully feathered, warm-blooded bird of prey is said to have walked upright on two clawed legs like Velociraptor.
Its second claw was larger, hence the name Hesperonychus, meaning "western claw".
When the capsule reaches Earth and enters the atmosphere at about 5 a.m. ET, people in northern California, Oregon, Nevada and Utah are expected to see a light show.
The capsule will look like a shooting star flying across the sky.
The cabin will move at a speed of 12.8 km or 8 miles per second;it would take her one minute to travel from San Francisco to Los Angeles.
Stardust sets a new record for the fastest spacecraft to return to Earth, surpassing the previous record set in May 1969 when the Apollo X control module returned.
"It will move across the west coast of northern California and light up the skies from California through central Oregon and on through Nevada and Idaho to Utah," said Stardust project manager Tom Duxbury.
This is the largest acquisition in eBay's history.
The firm hopes to diversify its revenue streams and gain popularity in areas where Skype holds a strong position, such as China, Eastern Europe and Brazil.
Scientists suspect that Enceladus is geologically active and may be the source of Saturn's icy E ring.
Enceladus is the most reflective body in the Solar System, reflecting about 90 percent of the sunlight that hits it.
Based on this fossil, we can state that this separation occurred much earlier than predicted based on molecular evidence.
That means everything has to be pushed back," said Berhane Asfaw, a researcher at the Rift Valley Research Service in Ethiopia and co-author of the study.
It is believed to be the fifth time in history that humans have observed what turned out to be chemically confirmed material from Mars falling to Earth.
Of the approximately 24,000 known meteorites that have hit Earth, only about 34 have been verified to be from Mars.
Fifteen stone fragments are attributed to the meteor shower of July of the previous year.
Some of the rocks, which are very rare on Earth, sell for between $11,000 and $22,500 per ounce, which is about ten times the price of gold.
Dark energy is a completely invisible force that constantly affects the universe.
Its existence is known only because of its influence on the expansion of the universe.
Scientists have also discovered land features called lobed escarpments that are scattered all over the moon's surface and appear to be the result of its very slow contraction.
These escarpments can be found all over the Moon and appear to be minimally damaged, indicating that the geological events responsible for their formation were relatively recent.
This theory contradicts the claim that there is no geological activity on the Moon.
“It will behave like water.It is transparent just like water.
So if you were standing by the shore, you would see all the pebbles and mud lying on the bottom.
As far as we know, there is only one planetary-type body that is more dynamic than Titan, namely Earth," added Stofan.
The Chandrayaan-1 unmanned lunar satellite sent its Lunar Surface Probe (MIP) to orbit the surface of the Moon at a speed of 1.5 kilometers per second (3,000 miles per hour) and successfully crash-landed near the Moon's south pole.
Apart from three important scientific instruments, the lunar probe also carried an image of the Indian national flag painted on all its sides.
Leonov, also known as "Cosmonaut Number 11", was one of the first group of Soviet cosmonauts.
On March 18, 1965, he performed the first spacewalk (EVA), remaining alone outside the spacecraft for more than twelve minutes.
He received the highest award "Hero of the Soviet Union" for his work.
Ten years later, he led the Soviet portion of the Apollo-Soyuz mission, which symbolized the end of the Space Race.
The station maintained its position until the end of the free space ascent despite the earlier loss of the gyroscope during the space station mission.
Chiao and Sharipov reported that they were at a safe distance from the attitude dampers.
Russian ground control activated the thrusters and the station's standard attitude was reactivated.
The United States Geological Survey's International Earthquake Map showed no earthquakes in Iceland in the previous week.
The Icelandic Meteorological Office has also reported no earthquakes in the Hekla area in the last 48 hours.
Significant seismic activity that resulted in a phase change occurred on March 10 on the northeast side of the volcano's summit caldera.
Dark clouds unrelated to volcanic activity were reported at the base of the mountain.
These clouds added to the uncertainty as to whether an eruption actually occurred.
The steel needle stays on the surface of the water due to surface tension.
Surface tension occurs because the water molecules on the surface of the water are attracted to each other more strongly than to the air molecules above.
Water molecules form an invisible film on the surface of the water that keeps light objects such as a needle afloat.
After changing from a quarter mile to a half, speed becomes much less important, while stamina becomes an absolute must.
Of course a first-class half-track—a man who can beat two minutes—must be fast enough, but endurance must be cultivated at all costs.
Some cross country running during the winter combined with upper body strengthening is the best preparation for the running season.
Proper eating habits alone cannot lead to first-class performances, but they can significantly affect the overall health and fitness of young athletes.
Maintaining a healthy energy balance, practicing effective hydration habits, and understanding the various aspects of supplementation can help athletes improve their performance and feel good about their sport.
Mid-distance running is a relatively inexpensive sport, but there are many misconceptions about the few pieces of equipment needed.
Products can be purchased as needed, but most will have little or no real impact on performance.
Athletes may feel that they prefer a product even if it does not provide them with real benefits.
The atom can be considered one of the basic building blocks of all matter.
It is a very complex structure, which, according to Bohr's simplified model, consists of a central core and electrons orbiting around it, similar to when the planets orbit the Sun -⁠ see Figure 1.1.
The nucleus consists of two particles - neutrons and protons.
Protons have a positive electrical charge, while neutrons have none.Electrons have a negative electrical charge.
Before approaching a casualty, you must first assess the situation on the spot to ensure your own safety.
You must be aware of the victim's location as you approach them and any automatic warning signals.
If you hurt yourself while trying to help, you might just make things worse.
The study found that depression, fear, and catastrophizing mediated the association between pain and disability in low back pain sufferers.
Regular weekly structured physical activity had no effect on depression or fear, only on catastrophic worldviews.
Regular participants required more support in negative pain perception by distinguishing between chronic pain and discomfort from normal physical movement.
Sight or the ability to see depends on the sense organs of the visual system or eyes.
Eyes can have a variety of structures, the complexity of which depends on the requirements of individual organisms.
Different designs have different capabilities, are sensitive to different wavelengths, and have different degrees of sharpness.They also require different processing to perform optimally on the input and at different numbers.
A population is a set of organisms of the same species found in one particular place.
When all individuals in a population are identical with respect to a particular phenotype, we call them monomorphic.
When individuals show several variants of a particular trait, they are referred to as polymorphic.
Colonies of legionnaire ants also march and nest in different stages.
In the nomadic phase, legionnaire ants march at night and stop to rest during the day.
Colonies begin a nomadic phase after food availability decreases.During this phase, colonies form temporary nests that change every day.
Each of these nomadic sprees or marches lasts approximately 17 days.
What is a cell?The English term comes from the Latin word "cella", meaning "small room", and was first used when microscopically observing the structure of cork.
The cell is the basic unit of all living organisms, all organisms are made up of one or more cells.
Cells play such a fundamental and fundamental role in the study of life that they are often referred to as the "building blocks of life".
The nervous system maintains a stable internal environment by sending impulses to the body through the nerves to ensure that blood circulation can proceed smoothly and undisturbed.
These nerve impulses can be sent very quickly throughout the body, helping it to protect itself from any potential threat.
Tornadoes affect a small area compared to other destructive storms, but they can destroy everything in their path.
Tornadoes uproot trees, tear walls from buildings and blow up cars.The most violent two percent of tornadoes last longer than three hours.
These colossal thunderstorms are associated with winds of up to 480 km/h (133 m/s; 300 mph).
People have been making and using magnifying lenses for thousands of years.
However, the first true telescopes were constructed in Europe at the end of the 16th century.
These telescopes used a combination of two lenses through which distant objects were zoomed in and magnified.
Greed and selfishness will always accompany us, and it is at the heart of cooperation that when the majority benefits, more can always be gained in the short term through selfish actions.
Perhaps most people will realize that in the long run their best bet is to work with others.
Convergent thinking patterns are problem-solving techniques that combine different ideas or domains to find a solution.
The focus of this thinking is speed, logic and accuracy, as well as identifying facts, reusing existing techniques and gathering information.
The most important factor in this way of thinking is that there is only one right answer.You are looking for only two answers namely right and wrong.
This type of thinking is often associated with certain scientific or standard procedures.
People with this type of thinking have a logical mindset, are able to remember formulas, solve problems and work on scientific tests.
Humans are by far the most talented species at reading the minds of others.
It means that we are able to successfully predict what other people perceive, intend, believe, know, and desire.
Crucial among these abilities is the ability to understand the intent of others.It allows us to resolve any ambiguities of physical actions.
For example, if you saw someone smashing a car window, you would probably assume they were trying to steal someone else's car.
If he lost his car keys and was trying to break into his own vehicle, he would need to be judged differently.
Magnetic resonance imaging (MRI) is based on a physical phenomenon called nuclear magnetic resonance (NMR), discovered in the 1930s by Felix Bloch (working at Stanford University) and Edward Purcell (from Harvard University).
The magnetic field and radio waves in this resonance cause the atoms to emit small radio signals.
In 1970, physician and researcher Raymond Damadian discovered the principle for the use of magnetic resonance imaging in medical diagnosis.
Four years later, a patent was granted, becoming the world's first patent issued in the field of MRI.
In 1977, Dr.Damadian's first full-body MRI scanner, which he named "Indomitable".
