Hesperonychus elizabethae is a species of the family Dromaeosauridae and is a cousin of Velociraptor .
This fully feathered, warm blooded bird of prey was believed to have walked upright on two legs with claws like the Velociraptor.
Its second claw was larger, giving rise to the name Hesperonychus which means "western claw."
When the capsule gets to Earth and enters the atmosphere, at about 5am (eastern time), it is expected to put on quite a light show for folks in Northern California, Oregon, Nevada, and Utah.
The capsule will look much like a shooting star going across the sky.
The capsule will be traveling at about 12.8 km or 8 miles per second, fast enough to go from San Francisco to Los Angeles in one minute.
Stardust will set a new all-time record for being the fastest spacecraft to return to Earth, breaking the previous record set in May of 1969 during the return of the Apollo X command module.
“It will move over the west coast of northern California and will light the sky from California through central Oregon and on through Nevada and Idaho and into Utah,” Tom Duxbury, Stardust's project manager said.
It is the biggest acquisition in eBay's history.
The company hopes to diversify its profit sources and gain popularity in areas where Skype holds a strong position, such as China, Eastern Europe, and Brazil.
Scientists have suspected Enceladus as geologically active and a possible source of Saturn's icy E ring.
Enceladus is the most reflective object in the solar system, reflecting about 90 percent of the sunlight that hits it.
"Based on this fossil, that means the split is much earlier than has been anticipated by the molecular evidence.
That means everything has to be put back," said researcher at the Rift Valley Research Service in Ethiopia and a co-author of the study, Berhane Asfaw.
This is believed to be the fifth time in history that people have observed what turned out to be chemically confirmed martian material falling to Earth.
Out of the approximately 24,000 known meteorites to have fallen to Earth, only about 34 have been verified to be martian in origin.
Fifteen of these rocks are attributed to the meteorite shower last July.
Some of the rocks, which are very rare on Earth, are being sold from US$11,000 to $22,500 per ounce, which is about ten times more than the cost of gold.
Dark energy is a completely invisible force that is constantly acting upon the universe.
Its existence is known only because of its effects on the expansion of the universe.
Scientists have discovered landforms littered across the moon's surface called lobate scarps that have apparently resulted from the moon's shrinking very slowly.
These scarps were found all over the moon and appear to be minimally weathered, indicating that the geologic events that created them were fairly recent.
This theory contradicts the claim that the moon is completely devoid of geologic activity.
"It's going to behave like water. It's transparent just the way water is.
So if you were standing by the shoreline, you would be able to see down to whatever pebbles or gunk that was on the bottom.
As far as we know, there is only one planetary body that displays more dynamism than Titan, and its name is Earth," added Stofan.
The unmanned lunar orbiter Chandrayaan-1 ejected its Moon Impact Probe (MIP), which hurtled across the surface of the Moon at 1.5 kilometres per second (3000 miles per hour), and successfully crash landed near the Moon's south pole.
Besides carrying three important scientific instruments, the lunar probe also carried the image of the Indian national flag, painted on all sides.
Leonov, also known as "cosmonaut No. 11", was part of the Soviet Union's original team of cosmonauts.
On March 18, 1965, he performed the first manned extravehicular activity (EVA), or "spacewalk", remaining alone outside the spacecraft for just over twelve minutes.
He received the "Hero of the Soviet Union", the Soviet Union's highest honor, for his work.
Ten years later, he led the Soviet part of the Apollo–Soyuz mission symbolizing that the Space Race was over.
The station maintained its attitude, despite the loss of a gyroscope earlier in the space station mission, until the end of the spacewalk.
Chiao and Sharipov reported being a safe distance from the attitude adjustment thrusters.
Russian ground control activated the jets and normal attitude of the station was regained.
The United States Geological Survey international earthquake map showed no earthquakes in Iceland in the week prior.
The Icelandic Meteorological Office also reported no earthquake activity in the Hekla area in the past 48 hours.
The significant earthquake activity resulting in the phase change had took place on March 10 on the northeast side of the volcano's summit caldera.
Dark clouds unrelated to any volcanic activity were reported at the base of the mountain.
The clouds presented the potential for confusion as to whether an actual eruption had taken place.
The steel needle floats on top of the water because of surface tension.
Surface tension happens because the water molecules at the surface of the water are strongly attracted to each other more than they are to the air molecules above them.
The water molecules make an invisible skin on the water’s surface that allows things like the needle to float on top of the water.
With the change from the quarter to the half mile run, speed becomes of much less importance and endurance becomes an absolute necessity.
Of course a first-class half-miler, a man who can beat two minutes, must be possessed of a fair amount of speed, but endurance must be cultivated at all hazards.
Some cross country running during the winter, combined with gymnasium work for the upper part of the body, is the best preparation for the running season.
Proper nutritional practices alone cannot generate elite performances, but they can significantly affect young athletes' overall wellness.
Maintaining a healthy energy balance, practicing effective hydration habits, and understanding the various aspects of supplementation practices can help athletes improve their performance and increase their enjoyment of the sport.
Middle distance running is a relatively inexpensive sport; however, there are many misconceptions regarding the few pieces of equipment required to participate.
Products can be purchased as needed, but most will have little or no real impact on performance.
Athletes may feel that they prefer a product even when it provides no real benefits.
The atom can be considered to be one of the fundamental building blocks of all matter.
Its a very complex entity which consists, according to a simplified Bohr model, of a central nucleus orbited by electrons, somewhat similar to planets orbiting the sun - see Figure 1.1.
The nucleus consists of two particles - neutrons and protons.
Protons have a positive electric charge while neutrons have no charge. The electrons have a negative electric charge.
To Check the victim, you must first survey the scene to ensure your safety.
You need to notice the victim's position as you approach him or her and any automatic red flags.
If you get hurt trying to help, you may only serve to make matters worse.
The study found that depression, fear and catastrophising mediated the relationship between pain and disability in lower back pain sufferers.
Only the effects of catastrophizing, not depression and fear was conditional of regular weekly structured PA sessions.
Those participating in regular activity required more support in terms of negative perception of pain distinguishing the differences of chronic pain and discomfort feel from normal physical movement.
Vision, or the ability to see depends on visual system sensory organs or eyes.
There are many different constructions of eyes, ranging in complexity depending on the requirements of the organism.
The different constructions have different capabilities, are sensitive to different wave-lengths and have differing degrees of acuity, also they require different processing to make sense of the input and different numbers to work optimally.
A population is the collection of organisms of a particular species within a given geographic area.
When all individuals in a population are identical with regard to a particular phenotypic trait they are known as monomorphic.
When the individuals show several variants of a particular trait they are polymorphic.
Army ant colonies march and nest in different phases as well.
In the nomadic phase, army ants march at night and stop to camp during the day.
The colony begins a nomadic phase when available food has decreased. During this phase, the colony makes temporary nests that are changed everyday.
Each of these nomadic rampages or marches lasts for approximately 17 days.
What is a cell? The word cell comes from the Latin word "cella", meaning "small room", and it was first coined by a microscopist observing the structure of cork.
The cell is the basic unit of all living things, and all organisms are composed of one or more cells.
Cells are so basic and critical to the study of life, in fact, that they are often referred to as "the building blocks of life".
The Nervous System maintains homeostasis by sending nerve impulses through out the body to keep the flow of blood going as well as undisturbed.
These nerve impulses can be sent so quickly throughout the body which helps keep the body safe from any potential threat.
Tornadoes strike a small area compared to other violent storms, but they can destroy everything in their path.
Tornadoes uproot trees, rip boards from buildings, and fling cars up into the sky. The most violent two percent of tornadoes last more than three hours.
These monster storms have winds up to 480 km/h (133 m/s; 300 mph).
Humans have been making and using lenses for magnification for thousands and thousands of years.
However, the first true telescopes were made in Europe in the late 16th century.
These telescopes used a combination of two lenses to make distant objects appear both nearer and larger.
Greed and selfishness will always be with us and it is the nature of cooperation that when the majority benefit there will always be more to gain in the short term by acting selfishly
Hopefully, most people will realise that their long term best option is to work together with others.
Convergent thinking patterns are problem solving techniques that unite different ideas or fields to find a solution.
The focus of this mindset is speed, logic and accuracy, also identification of facts, reapplying existing techniques, gathering information.
The most important factor of this mindset is: there is only one correct answer. You only think of two answers, namely right or wrong.
This type of thinking is associated with certain science or standard procedures.
People with this type of thinking have logical thinking, are able to memorize patterns, solve problems and work on scientific tests.
Humans are by far the most talented species in reading the minds of others.
That means we are able to successfully predict what other humans perceive, intend, believe, know or desire.
Among these abilities, understanding the intention of others is crucial. It allows us to resolve possible ambiguities of physical actions.
For example, if you were to see someone breaking a car window, you would probably assume he was trying to steal a stranger’s car.
He would need to be judged differently if he had lost his car keys and it was his own car that he was trying to break into.
MRI is based on a physics phenomenon called nuclear magnetic resonance (NMR), which was discovered in the 1930s by Felix Bloch (working at Stanford University) and Edward Purcell (from Harvard University).
In this resonance, magnetic field and radio waves cause atoms to give off tiny radio signals.
In the year 1970, Raymond Damadian, a medical doctor and research scientist, discovered the basis for using magnetic resonance imaging as a tool for medical diagnosis.
Four years later a patent was granted, which was the world's first patent issued in the field of MRI.
In 1977, Dr. Damadian completed the construction of the first “whole-body” MRI scanner, which he called the ”Indomitable”.
