Hesperonychus elizabethae is a species in the family Dromaeosauridae and a cousin of the velociraptor.
This fully feathered, warm-blooded bird of prey is believed to have walked upright on two legs with velociraptor-like claws.
Its second claw was larger, giving rise to the name Hesperonychus, meaning "claw of the west".
When the capsule reaches Earth and enters the atmosphere around 5 a.m. ET, residents of Northern California, Oregon, Nevada and Utah can expect a pretty spectacular display of light.
The capsule is quite similar to a shooting star moving across the sky.
The capsule flies at about 12.8 km or 8 miles per second, which is fast enough to travel from San Francisco to Los Angeles in one minute.
Stardust sets a new record for the fastest spacecraft to return to Earth, breaking the previous record set in May 1969 when the Apollo X Command Module returned.
""It will move across the west coast of Northern California and whiten the skies over California, Central Oregon, Nevada, Idaho and Utah," said Stardust project manager Tom Duxbury.
This is the largest acquisition in eBay history.
The company hopes to diversify revenue streams and gain popularity in regions where Skype has a strong presence, such as China, Eastern Europe and Brazil.
Scientists have speculated that Enceladus may be geologically active and a possible source of Saturn's icy E ring.
Enceladus is the most reflective object in the Solar System, reflecting about 90 percent of the sunlight that reaches it.
"This fossil suggests that the divergence occurred much earlier than the molecular evidence suggested.
That means everything has to be put back," said Berhane Asfaw, a researcher at Rift Valley Research Services and co-author of the study.
This is believed to be the fifth time in history that humans have observed something that turned out to be chemically confirmed Martian material when it fell to Earth.
Of the approximately 24,000 meteorites known to have fallen to Earth, only about 34 have been proven to be from Mars.
15 of these rocks are from last July's meteor shower.
Some rocks, which are very rare on Earth, sell for $11,000 to $22,500 per ounce, about ten times the price of gold.
Dark energy is a completely invisible force that constantly affects the universe.
Its existence is known only because of the effect it has on the expansion of the universe.
Scientists discovered that all over the surface of the moon there are landforms called fault lines, which are apparently caused by the very slow shrinking of the moon.
These craters were found all over the moon and appear to have been minimally affected by weathering, indicating that the geologic events that caused them occurred relatively recently.
This theory contradicts the claim that there is absolutely no geological activity on the moon.
“It starts to behave like water.It is transparent, just like water.
So if you were standing on the shore, you'd be able to see right through whatever rocks and mud are on the bottom.
""As far as we know, there is only one planetary body that appears to be more dynamic than Titan, and it's called Earth," Stofan added."
The Moon Impact Probe (MIP) separated from the unmanned lunar companion Chandrayaan-1, hurtled across the surface of the Moon at a speed of 1.5 kilometers per second (3,000 miles per hour) and successfully crashed near the Moon's south pole.
In addition to the three important scientific instruments, the spacecraft also carried an image of the Indian national flag draped on each side.
Leonov, also known as "Cosmonaut No. 11", was a member of the Soviet Union's original cosmonaut team.
On March 18, 1965, he performed the first manned extravehicular activity (EVA), or spacewalk, after being out of the spacecraft for just over twelve minutes.
He received the Hero of the Soviet Union, the highest award of the Soviet Union, for his work.
Ten years later, he led the Soviet portion of Apollo-Soyuz, marking the end of the space race.
The attitude on the space station did not change until the end of the space stay, despite the loss of the gyroscope earlier in the station's mission.
Chiao and Sharipov reported that they were at a safe distance from the orientation adjustment impactors.
The Russian ground control center activated the jets and the station's normal attitude was restored.
The United States Geological Survey's International Earthquake Map showed no earthquakes in Iceland last week.
The Icelandic Meteorological Office also announced that there was no earthquake in the Hekla region during the last 48 hours.
Significant earthquake activity as a result of the phase change occurred on March 10 in the northeastern part of the volcano's summit caldera.
Dark clouds were noticed at the foot of the mountain, which were not related to volcanic activity.
The clouds caused confusion as to whether an eruption had actually occurred.
A steel needle stays afloat due to surface tension.
Surface tension occurs because the water molecules near the surface are attracted to each other more strongly than the air molecules above them.
Water molecules form an invisible skin on the surface of the water that allows things like this needle to float on the surface.
By making the change from a quarter-mile run to a half-mile run, speed becomes less important and endurance becomes essential.
Of course, a top half-mile runner, a man who can complete them in less than two minutes, must be fast enough, but endurance must also be trained at all costs.
When preparing for the running season, the best method is to do a cross-country run in the winter, and add some upper body training in the gym.
Proper eating habits alone do not guarantee peak performance, but they can significantly affect a young athlete's overall well-being.
Maintaining a healthy energy balance, using effective fluid intake habits, and understanding the various aspects of nutritional supplementation can help an athlete improve their performance and enjoy their sport more.
Cross-country running is a relatively cheap sport;but there are many misconceptions about these few items of equipment required to participate.
Products can be purchased as needed, but most have little or no impact on performance.
Athletes may prefer the product, although there is no real benefit from using it.
The atom can be considered one of the fundamental foundations of all matter.
It is a very complex entity that, according to the simplified Bohr model, consists of a central nucleus around which electrons orbit, somewhat similar to how the planets orbit the sun - see Figure 1.1.
The nucleus consists of two types of particles — neutrons and protons.
Protons have a positive electrical charge, while neutrons have no charge.Electrons have a negative electrical charge.
To check on the victim, you must first investigate the scene to ensure your own safety.
As you approach the victim, you must observe their position and note any automatic signs of danger.
If you try to help and injure yourself in the process, you will only make the situation worse.
The study found that depression, fear and exaggeration were mediators of pain and disability in low back pain sufferers.
Only the effect of thinking about the worst possible outcomes, not depression and fear, was dependent on regular weekly sessions of structured physical activity.
Those who took part in usual activities needed more support in terms of negative perception of pain, differentiating chronic pain and discomfort from usual physical activity.
Sight, the ability to see, depends on the sensory organs of the visual system, or the eyes.
There are many different structures of eyes, the complexity of which varies depending on the needs of the organism.
Different designs have different capabilities, are sensitive to different wavelengths, and have different levels of sharpness.They also require different processing to understand the input and for the different numbers to work optimally.
A population is a collection of organisms of a particular species in a certain geographical area.
If all individuals in a population have a specific phenotypic trait identical, they are called monomorphic.
When individuals show multiple variants of a particular trait, they are polymorphic.
Colonies of warrior ants also march and nest in different phases.
In the migratory phase, migratory ants march at night and rest during the day.
A colony enters the migration phase when the amount of available food has decreased.During this phase, the colony makes temporary nests that are changed daily.
Each of these nomadic conquests lasts about 17 days.
What is a cell?The word cell comes from the Latin word 'cella' meaning 'chamber' and was first coined by a microscopist studying the structure of a cap.
A cell is the basic unit of all living things, and all organisms are made up of one or more cells.
Cells are so fundamental and important to the study of life that they are often referred to as the building blocks of life.
The nervous system sends nerve impulses to the body to maintain homeostasis, which help keep the blood flowing smoothly.
These nerve impulses can be quickly spread throughout the body, which helps protect the body from potential threats.
Tornadoes affect a small area compared to other strong storms, but they can destroy everything in their path.
Tornadoes uproot trees, tear boards from buildings, and hurl cars into the sky.Two percent of the most destructive tornadoes last more than three hours.
These monstrous storms have winds of up to 480 km/h (133 m/s; 300 mph).
People have used lenses for magnification for thousands of years.
But the first real telescopes were made in Europe towards the end of the 16th century.
These telescopes used two lenses together to make distant objects appear both closer and larger.
Greed and selfishness are inevitable and it is the nature of cooperation that if the majority benefits, then it is always possible to be selfish for more short-term benefits
Hopefully, most people realize that their best long-term option is to work with others.
Convergent thinking is a problem-solving technique that combines different ideas or domains to find a solution.
This way of thinking focuses on speed, logic and accuracy, as well as identifying facts, applying existing methods, gathering information.
The most important factor in this way of thinking is the possibility of only one correct answer.You think of only two answers, namely right or wrong.
Such thinking is associated with certain scientific procedures or standards.
People with this type of thinking have logical thinking, can remember patterns, solve problems and work on scientific experiments.
Humans' talent for reading other minds is by far the greatest of any species.
This means that we are able to successfully predict what other people perceive, intend, believe, know or desire.
Understanding the intentions of others is crucial among these skills.This allows us to resolve the potential ambiguity of physical actions.
For example, if you saw someone smashing a car window, you would probably assume that they were trying to steal someone else's car.
He should be judged differently if he had lost his car keys and tried to break into his own car.
MRI is based on a physical phenomenon called nuclear magnetic resonance (NMR), which was discovered in the 1930s by Felix Bloch (while working at Stanford University) and Edward Purcell (from Harvard University).
At this resonance, the atoms give off gentle radio signals under the influence of the magnetic field and radio waves.
In 1970, medical doctor and scientist Raymond Damadian made a discovery on which the use of magnetic resonance imaging as a medical diagnostic tool is based.
Four years later, a patent was issued, which was the world's first patent in the field of MRI.
In 1997, Dr.Damadian built the first full-body MRI scanner, which he called the Indomitable.
