Hesperonychus elizabethae is a species belonging to the family Dromaeosauridae and a relative of the velociraptor.
This feathered, warm-blooded creature is said to walk upright on two legs and have claws like a velociraptor.
Its second claw was larger, hence its name Hesperonychus, which means "western claw".
When the capsule approaches Earth and enters the atmosphere at 5:00 a.m. (ET), a spectacular fireworks display is expected to be visible in northern California, Oregon, Nevada and Utah.
The capsule will resemble a snapshot as it flies across the sky.
The capsule will travel at about 12.8 km, or 8 miles per second, or fast enough to travel from San Francisco to Los Angeles in one minute.
Stardust will set a new world record for the fastest return of a spacecraft to Earth, breaking the previous record set in May 1969 when the Apollo X Command Module returned.
"It will travel across the west coast of Northern California, lighting up the sky from California to central Oregon and on through Nevada and Idaho to Utah," said Tom Duxbury, project manager for the Stardust project.
This is the largest acquisition in eBay history.
The company is working to expand its network of profitable sources and increase its popularity in areas dominated by Skype, such as China, Eastern Europe and Brazil.
Scientists suspected that Enceladus was geologically active and a possible source of Saturn's icy E ring.
Enceladus is the most reflective body in the solar system, reflecting about 90 percent of the sunlight that shines on it.
Based on this fossil, it can be concluded that the split is much older than the molecular evidence suggested.
This means that everything has to be pushed back," said Berhane Asfaw, a researcher at the Rift Valley Research Service in Ethiopia and co-author of the study.
This is believed to be the fifth time in history that humans have witnessed chemically confirmed Martian material falling to Earth.
Of the approximately 24,000 meteorites known to have fallen to Earth, only about 34 are confirmed to have originated on Mars.
Of these stones, fifteen are attributed to the meteor shower of last July.
Some very rare-to-Earth stones sell for between $11,000 and $22,500 per ounce, about ten times the price of gold.
Dark energy is a completely invisible force that constantly acts on the universe.
Its existence is known only because of its influence on the expansion of the universe.
Scientists have discovered that formations called steep lobes appearing on the moon's surface are believed to be caused by the very slow contraction of the moon.
These bluffs have been found throughout the month and appear to have been very little weathered, suggesting that the geological events that created them occurred recently.
This theory contradicts the claim that there is no geological activity on the Moon.
It will behave like water.It is also colorless like water.
If you were standing on the shore, you would see all the pebbles or packaria that were at the bottom.
As far as we know, there is only one planetary body that looks more dynamic than Titan, and that is Earth," Stofan added.
The unmanned lunar orbiter Chandrayaan-1 launched its Lunar Impact Probe (MIP), which skimmed the surface of the Moon at a speed of 1.5 kilometers per second (3,000 mph) and successfully crashed near the Moon's south pole.
The lunar probe carried not only three important scientific instruments on board, but also the national flag of India was depicted on all its sides.
Leonov, also known as "Cosmonaut No. 11," was part of the Soviet Union's original cosmonaut team.
On March 18, 1965, he performed the first manned extravehicular activity (EVA), or "spacewalk," remaining alone outside the spacecraft for just under twelve minutes.
For his work, he received the highest award of the Soviet Union, "Hero of the Soviet Union".
Ten years later, he led the Soviet portion of the Apollo-Soyuz mission, which marked the end of the space race.
The station maintained its position until the end of the spacewalk, although they lost the gyroscope on the space station early in the mission.
Chiao and Sharipov said they are safely away from the attitude adjustment drives.
Russian air traffic control activated the engines and the station was brought back to its normal position.
The US Seismological Survey's International Earthquake Map showed no earthquakes in Iceland in the past week.
The Icelandic Meteorological Office has also not recorded any seismic activity in the Hekla area in the last 48 hours.
Significant seismic activity leading to the phase change occurred on March 10 on the northeast side of the volcano's summit caldera.
There have been reports of dark clouds at the base of the mountain, not related to any volcanic activity.
The clouds caused some doubt as to whether or not there had actually been an eruption.
A steel needle floats on water due to surface tension.
Surface tension occurs because the water molecules on the water surface are strongly attracted to each other, more so than the air molecules above them.
Water molecules create an invisible layer on the surface of water that allows certain objects, such as a needle, to float on water.
When you go from running a quarter mile to running a half mile, speed becomes much less important, and endurance is an absolute must.
An excellent half-mile runner, a man who can cover the distance in less than two minutes, must of course be very fast, but he must at all costs take care of endurance.
The best preparation for the running season is cross country over the winter combined with upper body exercises.
Good eating habits alone cannot produce exceptional results, but they can have a profound effect on the overall well-being of young athletes.
Maintaining a healthy energy balance, maintaining effective hydration habits, and understanding the various aspects of supplement use can help athletes improve performance and increase enjoyment in sports.
Middle distance running is a relatively inexpensive sport;however, there are many misconceptions regarding some of the equipment required to participate.
Products can be purchased as needed, but most will have little or no effect on the result.
Athletes may prefer a product even if it has no real benefits.
The atom can be considered as one of the fundamental building blocks of all matter.
It is a complex entity that, according to Bohr's simplified model, consists of a central nucleus around which electrons orbit, much like the planets orbit the sun - see Figure 1.1.
The nucleus consists of two particles – neutrons and protons.
Protons have a positive electrical charge, while neutrons have no charge.Electrons have a negative electrical charge.
In order to examine the victim, you must first search the scene for your own safety.
As you approach the victim, you need to pay attention to his or her position and anything that might stand out.
If you get injured while helping, you can only make things worse.
The study found that depression, fear, and catastrophizing are the consequences of the relationship between pain and disability in those who suffer from back pain.
Only the consequences of catastrophizing, but not depression and fear, were conditioned by regular weekly structured physical activity sessions.
Those who regularly engaged in any physical activity needed more support in terms of negative perception of pain, recognizing the difference between chronic pain and discomfort from regular physical activity.
Vision or the ability to see depends on the optical system of the senses or eyes.
There are many different eye structures with varying degrees of complexity depending on the needs of the organism.
Different designs have different capabilities, are sensitive to different wavelengths and provide different levels of sharpness, and also require different processing to make the input make sense and for the different numbers to work optimally.
A population is a group of organisms of a certain species within a certain geographical area.
When a certain phenotypic characteristic is exactly the same in all individuals in a population, those individuals are monomorphic.
When individuals show multiple variants of a particular characteristic, they are polymorphic.
Colonies of warrior ants also walk and nest in different stages.
When battle ants are in the nomadic phase, they move at night and stop and rest during the day.
The colony enters a nomadic phase when food supplies dwindle.During this phase, the colony builds temporary anthills, which they change daily.
Each such nomadic migration or march lasts about 17 days.
What is a cell?The word cell comes from the Latin word "cella", which means "small space", and was first used by a scientist who observed the structure of cork through a microscope.
The cell is the basic unit of all living things, and all organisms are made up of at least one cell.
In fact, cells are so basic and essential to the study of life that they are often referred to as the "building blocks of life".
The nervous system maintains homeostasis by sending nerve signals throughout the body to ensure normal and smooth blood flow.
These nerve impulses can be sent throughout the body very quickly, helping the body to protect itself from potential dangers.
Compared to other violent storms, tornadoes only affect a small area, but they destroy everything in their path.
Tornadoes uproot trees, tear boards from buildings and throw cars into the air.The most violent two percent of tornadoes last more than three hours.
These violent storms contain winds of up to 480 km/h (133 m/s; 300 mph).
People have been making and using magnifying lenses for thousands of years.
The first real telescopes were made in Europe at the end of the 16th century.
These telescopes used a combination of two lenses to zoom in and magnify distant objects.
Greed and selfishness will always be with us, and the nature of cooperation is such that you can always get more in the short term by acting selfishly when the majority benefits.
Chances are, most people will find that working with others is their best bet in the long run.
Convergent thinking patterns are problem-solving techniques that combine different ideas or fields to find a solution.
At the heart of this mindset are speed, logic and accuracy, as well as identifying facts, reusing existing approaches, gathering information.
The most important factor in this mindset is this: there is only one right answer.You can come up with only two answers, right or wrong.
This way of thinking is associated with certain scientific or standard procedures.
People who think this way are able to remember patterns, solve problems, and work with scientific texts.
Humans are by far the most gifted species at reading the minds of others.
This means that we are able to successfully predict what other people perceive, intend, believe, know and want.
Among these abilities, the most important is understanding the intentions of others.This allows us to resolve possible ambiguities of physical actions.
For example, if you saw someone smashing a car window, you would probably assume they were trying to steal a stranger's car.
If he tried to break into his car because he lost the keys, he would be judged differently.
MRI is based on a physical phenomenon called nuclear magnetic resonance (NMR), which was discovered in the 1930s by Felix Bloch (at Stanford University) and Edward Purcell (at Harvard University).
In this resonance, the atoms emit faint radio signals due to the magnetic field and radio waves.
In 1970, MD and scientific researcher Raymond Damadian established the use of magnetic resonance imaging as a medical diagnostic tool.
Four years later, they granted a patent that was the first patent issued in the world in the field of MRI.
In 1977, Dr.Damadian ended up building the first full-body magnetic resonance imaging device, which he named "Irresistible."
