"Panama Papers" is an umbrella term for roughly ten million documents from Panamanian law firm Mossack Fonseca, leaked to the press in spring 2016.
The documents showed fourteen banks helped wealthy clients hide billions of US dollars of wealth to avoid taxes and other regulations.
British newspaper The Guardian suggested Deutsche Bank controlled roughly a third of the 1200 shell companies used to accomplish this.
There were protests worldwide, several criminal prosecutions, and the leaders of the governments of Iceland and Pakistan both resigned.
Iraq's Abu Ghraib prison has been set alight during a riot.
The jail became notorious after prisoner abuse was discovered there after US forces took over.
Piquet Jr. crashed in the 2008 Singapore Grand Prix just after an early pit stop for Fernando Alonso, bringing out the safety car.
As the cars ahead of Alonso went in for fuel under the safety car, he moved up the pack to take victory.
Piquet Jr. was sacked after the 2009 Hungarian Grand Prix.
In the last 3 months, over 80 arrestees were released from the Central Booking facility without being formally charged.
In April this year, a temporary restaining order was issued by Judge Glynn against the facility to enforce the release of those held more than 24 hours after their intake who did not receive a hearing by a court commissioner.
The commissioner sets bail, if granted, and formalizes the charges filed by the arresting officer. The charges are then entered into the state's computer system where the case is tracked.
The hearing also marks the date for the suspect’s right to a speedy trial.
According to Ansa, "police were concerned by a couple of top-level hits they feared might spark a full-blown war of succession.
Police said Lo Piccolo had the upper hand because he had been Provenzano's right-hand man in Palermo and his greater experience won him the respect of the older generation of bosses as they pursued Provenzano's policy of keeping as low as possible while strengthening their power network.
These bosses had been reined in by Provenzano when he put an end to the Riina-driven war against the state that claimed the lives of Mafia crusaders Giovanni Falcone and Paolo Borsellino in 1992."
Brazil is the largest Roman Catholic country on Earth, and the Roman Catholic Church has consistently opposed the legalization of same-sex marriage in the country.
The National Congress of Brazil has debated legalization for 10 years, and such civil marriages are currently only legal in Rio Grande do Sul.
The original bill was drafted by former mayor of São Paulo, Marta Suplicy. The proposed legislation, after being amended, is now in the hands of Roberto Jefferson.
Protesters hope to collect a petition of 1.2 million signatures to present to the National Congress in November.
After it became apparent that many families were seeking legal help to fight the evictions, a meeting was held on March 20 at the East Bay Community Law Center for the victims of the housing scam.
When the tenants started sharing what had occurred to them, most of the families involved suddenly realized that Carolyn Wilson of the OHA had stolen their security deposits, and skipped out of town.
Tenants at Lockwood Gardens believe that there may be another 40 families or more to face eviction, since they learned that OHA police are also investigating other public housing properties in Oakland that may be caught up in the housing scam.
The band canceled the show at Maui's War Memorial Stadium, which was set to be attended by 9,000 people, and apologized to fans.
The band's management company, HK Management Inc., gave no initial reason when they canceled on September 20, but blamed logistical reasons by the next day.
The famous Greek lawyers, Sakis Kechagioglou and George Nikolakopoulos have been imprisoned in the Athens' jail of Korydallus, as they were found guilty of graft and corruption.
As a result of this, a big scandal within the Greek legal community has been raised through the exposure of illegal actions that judges, lawyers, solicitors and attorneys have done during the previous years.
A few weeks ago, after the information published by the journalist Makis Triantafylopoulos in his popular Television show "Zoungla" in Alpha TV, the member of Parliament and lawyer, Petros Mantouvalos was abdicated as members of his office had been involved in illegal graft and corruption.
Moreover, top judge Evangelos Kalousis is imprisoned as he found guilty of corruption and degenerate behaviour.
News spread in the Red Lake community today as funerals for Jeff Weise and three of the nine victims were held that another student was arrested in connection with the school shootings of March 21.
Authorities said little officially beyond confirming today's arrest.
However, a source with knowledge of the investigation told the Minneapolis Star-Tribune that it was Louis Jourdain, 16-year old son of Red Lake Tribal Chairman Floyd Jourdain.
It is not known at this time what charges will be laid or what led authorities to the boy but juvenile proceedings have begun in federal court.
Christopher Garcia, a spokesperson of the Los Angeles Police Department, said the suspected male offender is being investigated for trespassing rather than vandalism.
The sign was not physically damaged; the modification was done using black tarpaulins decorated with signs of peace and heart to alter the "O" to read lowercase "e".
The Mumbai attackers arrived via boat on Novemeber 26, 2008, bringing with them grenades, automatic weapons and hit multiple targets including the crowded Chhatrapati Shivaji Terminus railway station and the famous Taj Mahal Hotel.
David Headley's scouting and information gathering had helped to enable the operation by the 10 gunmen from the Pakistani militant group Laskhar-e-Taiba.
The attack put a huge strain on relations between India and Pakistan.
In 2009 she was awarded the title of National Superintendent of the Year.
At the time of the award, Atlanta schools had seen a large improvement on test scores.
Shortly after, The Atlanta Journal-Constitution published a report showing problems with test results.
The report showed test scores had increased implausibly fast, and alleged the school internally detected problems but didn't act on the findings.
Evidence thereafter indicated test papers were tampered with Hall, along with 34 other education officials, was indicted in 2013.
The trial took place at Birmingham Crown Court and concluded on August 3.
The presenter, who was arrested at the scene, denied the attack and claimed he used the pole to protect himself from bottles being thrown at him by up to thirty people.
Blake was also convicted of attempting to pervert the course of justice.
The judge told Blake it was "almost inevitable" he was going to be sent to jail.
The man allegedly drove a three-wheeled vehicle armed with explosives into a crowd.
The man suspected of detonating the bomb was detained, after sustaining injuries from the blast.
His name is still unknown to authorities, although they do know he is a member of the Uighur ethnic group.
The issue started on January 1st when dozens of local residents started complaining to the Obanazawa Post Office that they hadn't received their traditional and regular New Year cards.
Yesterday, the post office released their apology to citizens and the media after discovering that the boy had hidden more than 600 postal documents, including 429 New Year postcards, which weren't delivered to their intended recipients.
"Thanks for those who supported a convict like me," Siriporn was quoted as saying at a press conference.
"Some may not agree but I don't care.
I am happy that there are people willing to support me.
She said, "There is no intelligence to suggest that an attack is expected imminently.
However, the reduction of the threat level to severe does not mean the overall threat has gone away."
While authorities are unsure of the credibility of the threat, the Maryland Transportaion Authority made the closure with the urging of the FBI.
Dump trucks were used to block tube entrances and assistance of 80 police were on hand to direct motorists to detours.
There were no heavy traffic delays reported on the beltway, the city's alternate route.
The case was prosecuted in Virginia because it is the home to the leading internet service provider AOL, the company who instigated the charges.
This is the first time a conviction has been gained using the legislation enacted in 2003 to curb bulk e-mail, aka spam, from unsolicited distribution into users mailboxes.
Animal Liberation and the Royal Society for the Prevention of Cruelty to Animals (RSPCA) are again calling for the mandatory installation of CCTV cameras in all Australian abattoirs.
RSPCA New South Wales chief inspector David O'Shannessy told the ABC that surveillance and inspections of abattoirs should be commonplace in Australia.
"The CCTV would certainly send a strong signal to those people working with animals that their welfare is of the highest priority."
Karno is a well-known but controversial English tutor who taught under Modern Education and King's Glory who claimed to have 9,000 students at the peak of his career.
In his notes he used words which some parents considered coarse, and he reportedly used profanity in class.
Modern Education accused him of printing large advertisements on buses without authorisation and lying by saying that he was the chief English tutor.
He has also been accused previously of copyright infringement, but was not charged.
A former student said that he 'used slang in class, taught dating skills in notes, and was just like the students' friend.'
