The ""Panama Papers"" is the general term for the approximately ten million documents of the Panamanian law firm Mossack Fonseca that were leaked to the press in the spring of 2016."
The documents revealed that fourteen banks helped wealthy clients hide billions of US dollars in assets to avoid taxes and other regulations.
British newspaper The Guardian suggested that Deutsche Bank controls about a third of the 1,200 shell companies used to achieve this.
Protests were organized around the world, several criminal proceedings were initiated, and the heads of government of both Iceland and Pakistan resigned.
Iraq's Abu Ghraib prison was set on fire during the riot.
The prison became infamous when it was discovered that prisoners were being abused after it was taken over by United States forces.
At the 2008 Singapore GP, Piquet Jr. crashed immediately after Fernando Alonso's early pit stop, bringing the safety car onto the track.
While the cars in front of Alonso went for gas behind the safety car, he moved up the order and took the win.
Piquet Jr.was released after the 2009 Hungarian Grand Prix.
Over the past 3 months, over 80 detainees have been released from the Central Detention Center without formal charges.
In April of this year, Judge Glynn issued a temporary restraining order allowing the release of those who had not been questioned by a commissioner within 24 hours of being detained.
The commissioner will set bail, if allowed, and formally record the charges brought by the arresting police officer.The charges are then entered into the state's computer system, which tracks the case.
The hearing also marks the date of the suspect's right to a speedy trial.
According to Ansa, “the murders of a couple of top players worried the police because they feared it could trigger a full-scale succession war.
Police said Lo Piccolo had more power because he had been Provenzano's right-hand man in Palermo and his greater experience earned him the respect of older generations of bosses as they followed Provenzano's rules, keeping as low a profile as possible while consolidating their power network.
These bosses came under Provenzano's control when he ended the Rina-led war against the state in 1992, which resulted in the deaths of Mafia crusaders Giovanni Falcone and Paolo Borsellino."
Brazil is the largest Roman Catholic country in the world, and the Roman Catholic Church has consistently opposed the legalization of same-sex marriage in the country.
Brazil's National Congress has been debating legalization for 10 years, and such secular weddings are currently legal only in Rio Grande do Sul.
The original bill was drafted by Marta Suplicy, the former mayor of São Paulo.The legislative proposal is now, after undergoing corrections, in the hands of Roberto Jefferson.
Protesters hope to collect 1.2 million signatures for a petition and present it to the National Congress in November.
After it became apparent that many families were seeking legal help to fight evictions, a meeting was held March 20 at the East Bay Community Law Center for people involved in housing fraud.
When the tenants began to share what had happened to them, most of the families involved suddenly realized that Carolyn Wilson of the OHA had stolen their bonds and fled town.
Tenants at Lockwood Gardens believe another 40 or more families are facing eviction after it was learned OHA police are investigating other Oakland housing complexes that may be involved in housing fraud.
The band canceled a concert at the Maui War Memorial Stadium, which was expected to hold 9,000 people, and apologized to fans.
HK Management Inc., which administers the band.did not provide an initial reason for the cancellation on September 20, but the next day blamed logistical reasons.
Prominent Greek lawyers Sakis Kechagioglou and George Nikolakopoulos are in Korydallus prison in Athens after being found guilty of bribery and corruption.
As a result, a major scandal has developed in the Greek legal community, based on the revelations of illegal activities by judges, lawyers, barristers and lawyers in recent years.
A few weeks ago, after journalist Makis Triantafylopoulos published information on his popular Alpha TV TV show "Zoungla", parliament member and lawyer Petros Mantouvalos resigned because members of his cabinet were involved in illegal bribery and corruption.
In addition, Chief Justice Evangelos Kalousis was imprisoned after being found guilty of corruption and immoral behavior.
News spread today in the Red Lake community, which is holding funerals for Jeff Weise and three of the nine victims, that another student has been arrested in connection with the March 21 school shooting.
The authorities did not officially release much information beyond the confirmation of today's detention.
A source familiar with the investigation told the Minneapolis Star-Tribune that it was Louis Jourdain, the 16-year-old son of Red Lake Tribal Chairman Floyd Jourdain.
It is not known at this time what charges will be filed or how authorities got hold of the boy, but a juvenile proceeding has begun in federal court.
Christopher Garcia, a spokesman for the Los Angeles Police Department, said the man who violated the law was being investigated for trespassing rather than vandalism.
The label could not be physically damaged;to change this, black die-cuts decorated with a peace sign and heart were used to turn the O's into small 'e's.
The Mumbai attackers arrived by boat on November 26, 2008, carrying grenades and automatic weapons, and hit several targets, including the busy Chhatrapati Shivaji Terminus railway station and the famous Taj Mahal hotel.
David Headley's intelligence and data collection had contributed to the success of the operation by 10 gunmen from the Pakistani militant group Laskhar-e-Taiba.
The attack caused great strain in India-Pakistan relations.
In 2009, he was awarded the title of national manager of the year.
At the time of the award, Atlanta's schools were seeing great improvements in test scores.
A report was soon published in the Atlanta Journal-Constitution that highlighted problems with the results of the experiment.
The report found that test scores had risen unbelievably quickly, and the school allegedly discovered internal problems but did not act on the findings.
Evidence then suggested that the tests had been rigged by Hall, along with 34 other education officials who were indicted in 2013.
The trial took place at Birmingham Crown Court and concluded on 3 August.
The presenter, who was arrested at the scene, denied the attack and claimed he used the pole to protect himself from bottles being thrown at him by around thirty people.
Blake was also convicted of attempting to obstruct justice.
The judge told Blake that jail time was almost inevitable.
The man allegedly drove a three-wheeler loaded with explosives into the crowd.
The man suspected of detonating the bomb was arrested after being injured in the blast.
His name is still unknown to authorities, although they know he is a member of the Uyghur ethnic group.
The problem began on January 1 when dozens of local residents began complaining to the Obanazawa post office that they had not received their traditional and customary New Year's cards.
Yesterday, the post office apologized to citizens and the media after they discovered that the boy had hidden more than 600 postal documents, including 429 New Year postcards, which had not been sent to their intended recipients.
"Thank you to those who supported a convict like me," Siriporn was quoted as saying at a press conference.
Not everyone may agree, but I don't care.
I am happy that there are people who are ready to support me.
He said: “According to intelligence, there is no indication that an attack is expected any time soon.
Reducing the threat level to a serious level does not mean that the overall threat has disappeared.”
While authorities are unsure of the seriousness of the threat, the Maryland Department of Transportation ordered the shutdown at the request of the FBI.
Dump trucks were used to block the entrances to the tunnels, and 80 police officers helped guide vehicles to detours.
According to reports, there was no heavy traffic on the ring road around the city, which is an alternative road to the city.
The case was filed in Virginia because it is home to AOL, the leading Internet service provider that brought the charges.
This is the first time a conviction has been achieved under the law, which was enacted in 2003 to curb the unwanted distribution of bulk email, or spam, to users' mailboxes.
Animal Liberation and the Royal Society for the Protection of Animals (RSPCA) are once again calling for the mandatory installation of CCTC cameras in all slaughterhouses in Australia.
RSPCA New South Wales Chief Inspector David O'Shannessy told the ABC that abattoir monitoring and inspections should be common across Australia.
"""A surveillance camera would certainly make it clear to those working with animals that the welfare of the animals is paramount."""
Karno is a well-known but controversial English teacher who taught at Modern Education and King's Glory schools and who claimed to have had 9,000 students at the peak of his career.
In his remarks, he used words that some parents considered coarse, and he allegedly cussed in class.
Modern Education accused him of printing large advertisements on buses without authorization and of lying when he claimed he was the main English teacher.
He has also been accused of copyright infringement in the past, but was not convicted.
According to a former student, he used slang in class, taught dating skills in notes and was a friend to students.
