"Panama Papers" is an umbrella term for the roughly ten million documents from the Panamanian law firm Mossack Fonseca that were leaked to the media in the spring of 2016.
The documents showed that fourteen banks helped wealthy clients hide billions of US dollars to avoid taxes and other regulations.
The British newspaper The Guardian suggested that Deutsche Bank controlled about a third of the 1,200 shell companies that served this purpose.
There were worldwide protests, several prosecutions, and the leaders of the Icelandic and Pakistani governments resigned.
Iraq's Abu Ghraib prison was set on fire during protests.
The prison became notorious after cases of abuse of prisoners were discovered after U.S. forces took power.
Piquet Jr. crashed at the 2008 Singapore Grand Prix soon after Fernando Alonso had to pit early in the race, and the safety car came out on track.
As the cars in front of Alonso pitted to refuel during the safety car on track, he moved ahead of them and won the race.
Piquet junior was sacked after the 2009 Hungarian Grand Prix.
Over the past three months, more than 80 detainees have been released from Central Booking facilities without formal charges.
In April of this year, a temporary injunction was issued by Judge Glynn against a facility to enforce the release of persons detained for more than 24 hours after admission who had not been questioned by the court commissioner.
If warranted, the Commissioner issues an arrest warrant and formalises the charges brought by the arresting officer. The charges are then entered into the state's computer system, where the case is monitored.
The hearing also set a date for the suspect's rights to a speedy trial.
According to Ansa, "The police were concerned that a few interventions at the highest level could cause an open war of succession.
Police said Lo Piccolo had the upper hand because he was Provenzano's right-hand man in Palermo and his greater experience earned him the respect of the older generation of bosses when they pursued Provenzano's policy of least subtly expanding their sphere of influence.
These bosses were seized by Provenzano when he ended the war waged by Riino against the state, which in 1992 claimed the lives of anti-mafia fighters Giovanni Falcone and Paolo Borsellino."
Brazil is the largest Roman Catholic country in the world, and the Roman Catholic Church in that country has steadfastly opposed the legalization of same-sex marriage.
The National Congress of Brazil has been discussing legalization for 10 years, and civil marriages are currently only legal in Rio Grande do Sul.
The original bill was submitted by the former mayor of São Paulo, Marta Suplicy. The proposed law was then amended and is now in the hands of Robert Jefferson.
Protesters plan to gather 1.2 million signatures on the petition before submitting it to Brazil's National Congress in November.
Once it became apparent that many families were seeking legal assistance to combat eviction, a meeting was held on March 20 at the East Bay Community Law Center for victims of housing fraud.
When the tenants began to tell them what had happened to them, most of the families involved suddenly realized that Carolyn Wilson of OHA had stolen their bail and disappeared from the city.
Lockwood Gardens tenants believe another 40 or more families may be evicted because they have learned that the OHA Police Department is also investigating other public residential properties in Oakland that may be implicated in housing fraud.
The band cancelled a performance at the War Memorial Stadium on Maui, which was supposed to be attended by 9,000 spectators, and apologized to their fans.
HK Management Inc., responsible for the band's management, initially gave no reason for the cancellation on September 20, but the next day blamed logistical causes.
Famous Greek lawyers Sakis Kechagioglou and George Nikolakopoulos were imprisoned in Athens' Korydallus prison after being found guilty of bribery and corruption.
The result was a major scandal in the Greek legal community, which was deepened by the discovery of illegal activities carried out by judges, lawyers and lawyers in previous years.
A few weeks ago, and after journalist Makis Triantafylopoulos published this information on his popular TV show "Zoungla" on Alpha TV, member of Parliament and lawyer Petros Mantouvalos was abdicated due to his involvement in illegal bribery and corruption.
In addition, Chief Justice Evangelos Kalousis is in prison because he was found guilty of corruption and depraved behavior.
As funerals for Jeff Weis and three of the nine victims were held in the Red Lake community today, reports spread that another student had been detained in connection with the March 21 school shooting.
Apart from today's arrest, the authorities have officially said little.
However, a source of information related to the investigation told the Minneapolis Star-Tribune that it was Louis Jourdain, the sixteen-year-old son of Red Lake tribal chairman Floyd Jourdain.
At this time, it is not known what charges will be brought or what led the authorities to the boy, but juvenile proceedings have already begun in federal court.
Christopher Garcia, a spokesman for the Los Angeles Police Department, said the suspected perpetrator is being investigated for misdemeanor, not vandalism.
The sign was not physically damaged, as the changes were made using black sails decorated with peace and heart symbols to modify the letter "O" to a small "e".
The Mumbai attackers arrived by ship on November 26, 2008, carrying grenades and automatic weapons. They attacked several targets, including the crowded Chhatrapati Shivaji Terminus railway station and the famous Taj Mahal Hotel.
Reconnaissance and intelligence gathering on David Headley helped carry out the operation by 10 militants from the Pakistani militant group Laskhar-e-Taiba.
The attack put a strain on relations between India and Pakistan.
In 2009, she was awarded the title of National Commissioner of the Year.
At the time the award was awarded, there was a significant improvement in test scores at schools in Atlanta.
Shortly thereafter, the Atlanta Journalists' Institute issued a report on problems with test results.
The report showed that test results rose implausibly quickly, and the school noted the problems internally but did not act on the findings.
Evidence then showed that test forms had been modified, and Hall was indicted in 2013 along with other education workers.
The trial took place at the Royal Court in Birmingham and ended on 3 August.
The lecturer, who was arrested at the scene, denied the attack and said he used the pole to defend himself from bottles thrown at him by up to thirty people.
Blake was also convicted of attempting to overturn the trial.
The court told Blake it was "almost inevitable" that he would be sent to prison.
The man reportedly drove a three-wheeled vehicle filled with explosives directly into the crowd.
A man suspected of detonating the bomb was detained after suffering injuries from the blast.
His name is still unknown to the authorities, although they know that he is a member of the Uighur ethnic group.
The problem began on January 1, when dozens of local residents began complaining to the Obanazawa post office that they had not received their traditional and regular New Year's wishes.
The Post Office issued an official apology to citizens and the media yesterday after discovering that the boy had hidden more than 600 postal documents, including 429 New Year's cards, which had not been delivered to the relevant recipients.
"Thank you to everyone who supported me as a convict," Siriporn said at a news conference.
"Some may disagree, but I don't care.
I am glad that there are people who want to support me.
She said there were "no reports that indicate an imminent attack.
However, lowering the threat level to serious does not mean that the threat as such has disappeared."
While authorities are not convinced of the credibility of the threat, the Maryland Transportation Authority conducted the closure at the insistence of the FBI.
Trucks blocked the entrance to the tunnels and the assistance of 80 police officers was needed to direct the drivers to the detours.
No major traffic delays were reported on the bypass, which is an alternative route for the city.
The case was conducted in Virginia because it is the home of AOL's main Internet service provider, the company that brought the allegations.
This is the first conviction for using legislation adopted in 2003 to restrict bulk mail, or spam, from unsolicited distribution to users' mailboxes.
The Royal Society for Animal Freedom and the Prevention of Cruelty to Animals (RSPCA) is again calling for the mandatory installation of CCTV in all Australian slaughterhouses.
David O'Shannessy, the RSPCA's chief inspector for New South Wales, told ABC that slaughterhouse supervision and inspections should be commonplace in Australia.
"A camera system would certainly send a strong message to people working with animals that their health is a top priority."
Karno is a well-known but controversial English teacher who taught at Modern Education and King's Glory and who claimed to have had 9,000 students at the height of his career.
In his notes, he used words that some parents considered crude and allegedly used profanity in class.
Modern Education accused him of printing large bus ads without approval and lying when he presented himself as the main English teacher.
He has been accused of copyright infringement in the past, but has not been charged.
The former student said he "used slang during class, taught students to make friends with clutches, and treated students like a friend."
