The "Panama Papers" is the umbrella term for the approximately ten million documents from the Panamanian law firm Mossack Fonseca that were leaked to the media in the spring of 2016.
The documents showed that fourteen banks helped wealthy clients hide billions of US dollars to avoid taxes and other regulations.
The British newspaper The Guardian suggested that Deutsche Bank controlled about a third of the 1,200 shell companies used for this purpose.
There were worldwide protests, several prosecutions, and the leaders of the Icelandic and Pakistani governments resigned.
Iraq's Abu Ghraib prison was set on fire during protests.
The prison became infamous after cases of prisoner abuse were discovered there after the takeover by US forces.
Piquet Jr.crashed at the Singapore Grand Prix in 2008 shortly after Fernando Alonso had to pit right at the start of the race, and the safety car came out on the track.
As the cars in front of Alonso pitted to refuel for the duration of the safety car on the track, he moved in front of them and won the race.
Piquet junior was released after the 2009 Hungarian Grand Prix.
Over the past three months, more than 80 detainees have been released from the Central Booking facility without being formally charged.
In April this year, a temporary injunction was granted by Judge Glynn against the facility to enforce the release of those detained more than 24 hours after admission who have not been heard by a judicial commissioner.
The commissioner, if authorized, will issue an arrest warrant and formalize the charges filed by the arresting officer.The charges are then entered into the state's computer system where the case is tracked.
The hearing also set a date for the suspect's speedy trial rights.
According to Ans, "Police were concerned that multiple hits at the highest level could lead to an open succession war.
Police said Lo Piccolo had the upper hand because he was Provenzano's right-hand man in Palermo and, with more experience, had earned the respect of the older generation of bosses as they enforced Provenzano's policy of expanding their sphere of influence as little as possible.
These bosses were taken over by Provenzano when he ended Riino's war against the state, which claimed the lives of mafia fighters Giovanni Falcone and Paolo Borsellino in 1992."
Brazil is the largest Roman Catholic country in the world, and the Roman Catholic Church in that country has steadfastly opposed the legalization of same-sex marriage.
Brazil's National Congress has been debating legalization for 10 years, and civil marriage is currently legal only in Rio Grande do Sul.
The original bill was submitted by the former mayor of São Paulo, Marta Suplicy.The proposed law was then amended and is now in the hands of Robert Jefferson.
Protesters plan to collect 1.2 million signatures on a petition before presenting it to Brazil's National Congress in November.
Once it became apparent that many families were seeking legal help to fight evictions, a meeting was held at the East Bay Community Law Center on March 20 for victims of housing fraud.
When tenants began to share what had happened to them, most of the families involved suddenly realized that Carolyn Wilson of OHA had stolen their security deposit and disappeared from town.
Lockwood Gardens tenants believe another 40 or more families may be evicted after learning the OHA Police Department is also investigating other public housing properties in Oakland that may be involved in housing fraud.
The band canceled a 9,000-capacity show at War Memorial Stadium on the island of Maui and apologized to their fans.
Company HK Management Inc.responsible for the band's management initially gave no reason for the cancellation on September 20, but the next day blamed logistical reasons.
Famous Greek lawyers Sakis Kechagioglou and George Nikolakopoulos were imprisoned in Athens' Korydallus prison after being found guilty of bribery and corruption.
The result was a major scandal in the Greek legal community, which was deepened by the discovery of illegal activities by judges, lawyers and advocates in previous years.
A few weeks ago, after journalist Makis Triantafylopoulos published this information in his popular TV show "Zoungla" on Alpha TV, Member of Parliament and lawyer Petros Mantouvalos was abdicated because members of his office were involved in illegal bribery and corruption.
In addition, Chief Justice Evangelos Kalousis is in prison, having been found guilty of corruption and depraved behavior.
As funerals for Jeff Weis and three of the nine victims were held today in the Red Lake community, word spread that another student had been arrested in connection with the March 21 school shooting.
Other than today's arrest, authorities have officially released little.
However, a source with information regarding the investigation told the Minneapolis Star-Tribune that it was Louis Jourdain, the 16-year-old son of Red Lake Tribal Chairman Floyd Jourdain.
It is not known at this time what charges will be filed or what led authorities to the boy, but juvenile proceedings have already been initiated in federal court.
Christopher Garcia, a spokesman for the Los Angeles Police Department, said the suspected offender is being investigated for a misdemeanor, not vandalism.
The sign was not physically damaged as the changes were made using black tarps emblazoned with peace and heart symbols to modify the letter "O" to a lowercase "e".
The Mumbai attackers arrived by boat on November 26, 2008, bringing with them grenades and automatic weapons.They attacked several targets including the crowded Chhatrapati Shivaji Terminus railway station and the famous Taj Mahal hotel.
David Headley's research and intelligence-gathering led to the operation of 10 militants from the Pakistani militant group Laskhar-e-Taiba.
The attack created a major dent in India-Pakistan relations.
In 2009, she received the title of National Commissioner of the Year.
At the time of the award, there was a significant improvement in test scores in Atlanta schools.
Shortly thereafter, the Atlantic Journalism Institute released a report on the problems with the test results.
The report showed that test scores had risen improbably quickly, and the school was said to have noted the problems internally but failed to act on the findings.
Evidence then showed that the test forms had been tampered with, and Hall was indicted in 2013 along with other education officials.
The trial took place at Birmingham Crown Court and ended on 3 August.
The lecturer, who was arrested on the spot, denied the attack and said that he used the stick to defend himself from bottles being thrown at him by up to thirty people.
Blake was also convicted of attempting to pervert the course of justice.
The court told Blake it was "almost inevitable" he would be sent to prison.
The man allegedly drove a three-wheeled vehicle filled with explosives directly into the crowd.
A man suspected of detonating a bomb has been detained after suffering injuries from the blast.
His name is still unknown to the authorities, although they know he is a member of the Uyghur ethnic group.
The problem began on January 1, when dozens of local residents began complaining to the Obanazawa Post Office that they had not received their traditional and regular New Year wishes.
The post office yesterday issued an official apology to citizens and the media after discovering that the boy had hidden more than 600 postal documents, including 429 New Year's cards, which were not delivered to their intended recipients.
"Thanks to everyone who supported me as a convict," Siriporn said at a press conference.
"Some may disagree, but I don't care.
I am glad that there are people who want to support me.
She said that “there are no reports indicating an imminent attack.
However, lowering the level of the threat status to severe does not mean that the threat as such has disappeared.”
While authorities are not convinced of the credibility of the threat, the Maryland Department of Transportation implemented the closure at the urging of the FBI.
Trucks blocked the entrance to the tunnels and the assistance of 80 police officers was needed to direct drivers to detours.
No major traffic delays were reported on the bypass, which is an alternative route for the city.
The case was brought in Virginia because it is the home of major Internet service provider AOL, the company that brought the charges.
This is the first conviction using legislation passed in 2003 to restrict bulk mail, or spam, from unsolicited distribution to users' email inboxes.
The Royal Society for the Freedom and Prevention of Cruelty to Animals (RSPCA) is once again calling for the mandatory installation of industrial cameras in all Australian abattoirs.
RSPCA New South Wales chief inspector David O'Shannessy told ABC television that slaughterhouse oversight and inspections should be commonplace in Australia.
"A camera system would certainly send a strong signal to people working with animals that their health is a top priority."
Karno is a well-known but controversial English teacher who taught at Modern Education and King's Glory schools and who claimed to have had 9,000 students at the height of his career.
He used words in his notes that some parents considered vulgar and allegedly used profanity in class.
Modern Education accused him of printing large bus advertisements without approval and lying when he presented himself as a senior English teacher.
He has been accused of copyright infringement in the past, but has not been charged.
A former student said he "used slang during class, taught students how to make friends with notepads, and treated students like a friend."
