"''Panama Papers'" is a generic term referring to the approximately ten million documents of the Panamanian law firm Mossack Fonseca that leaked to the press in the spring of 2016."
The documents showed that fourteen banks helped wealthy clients hide billions of U.S.-dollars worth of assets to evade taxes and other regulations.
The British newspaper The Guardian hinted that Deutsche Bank controls about a third of the 1200 shelf companies used to achieve it.
Protests were organised around the world, a number of criminal proceedings were initiated, and the heads of government of both Iceland and Pakistan resigned.
Iraq's Abu Ghraib prison was set on fire during the riot.
The prison became notorious when, after the takeover of united states troops, it was discovered that prisoners were abused there.
Piquet Jr. crashed at the 2008 Singapore GP stage shortly after Fernando Alonso's early pit stop, bringing a safety car to the track.
While the cars in front of Alonso went to take gasoline behind the safety car, he kept moving upwards and winning.
Piquet Jr. was let go after the 2009 Hungarian Grand Prix.
Over the past 3 months, more than 80 arrested people were released from the central office of arrest without formal charges.
In April of this year, Judge Glynn issued a temporary injunction allowing the release of individuals who had not been interrogated by the court commissioner within 24 hours of his detention.
The commissioner will set bail if permitted and will formally record the charges brought by the arrested police officer. The charges are then entered into the state's computer system in which the case is being monitored.
The hearing also marks the date of the suspect's right to a speedy trial.
According to Ansa, "police were concerned about the murders of a couple of top performers because they feared it might trigger a full-scale war of succession.
Police said Lo Piccolo had more power because he had been the right hand of Provenzano in Palermo, and more experience ensured him the respect of the bosses of the older generations, as they oversaw the rules of Provenzano, keeping the lowest possible profile in strengthening his power network.
These bosses came under control of Provenzano when he put an end to the anti-state war led by Riina in 1992, as a result of which mafia crusaders Giovanni Falcone and Paolo Borsellino lost their lives."
Brazil is the largest Roman Catholic country in the world, and the Roman Catholic Church has consistently opposed the legalization of same-sex marriage in the country.
Brazil's National Congress has been debating legalization for 10 years, and such secular slurs are currently legal only in Rio Grande do Sul.
The original bill was formed by Marta Suplicy, the former mayor of São Paulo. The legislative proposal is now, after passing the amendments, in the hands of Roberto Jefferson.
Protesters hope to collect 1.2 million signatures for the petition and submit it to the National Congress in November.
After it emerged that many families were seeking legal help to combat evictions, a meeting was held on March 20 at the East Bay Community Law Center for people involved in housing fraud.
When the tenants began to share what had happened to them, most of the families involved suddenly realized that Carolyn Wilson of the OHA had stolen their warrants and fled the city.
Lockwood Gardens tenants believe another 40 or more families are awaiting eviction as it was learned that OHA police are also investigating other Oakland utility homes that may be involved in the housing scam.
The band canceled the concert at the stage of the Maui War Memorial, which was supposed to be attended by 9000 people, and apologized to the fans.
HK Management Inc., which administers the band, gave no initial reason for the cancellation on Sept. 20, but the next day blamed logistical reasons.
Renowned Greek lawyers Sakis Kechagioglou and George Nikolakopoulos are in Athens' Korydallus prison for being found guilty of bribery and corruption.
As a result, a major scandal has developed within the Greek legal community, based on the exposure of the illegal activities of judges, lawyers, barristers and lawyers in recent years.
A few weeks ago, after journalist Makis Triantafylopoulos published information on his popular Alpha TV TV show "Zoungla", MP and lawyer Petros Mantouvalos resigned because members of his cabinet were involved in illegal bribery and corruption.
In addition, the top judge, Evangelos Kalousis, was imprisoned for being found guilty of corruption and immoral behavior.
Today, news spread in the Red Lake community holding the funeral of Jeff Weise and three of the nine victims that another student has been arrested in connection with the March 21 school shooting.
Authorities did not officially release much information other than confirming today's detention.
A source aware of the course of the investigation told the Star-Tribune of Minneapolis that it was Louis Jourdain, the 16-year-old son of Red Lake tribal chairman Floyd Jourdain.
It is currently unknown what the charges will be or how the authorities reached the boy, but proceedings against the minor have begun in federal court.
Christopher Garcia, a spokesman for the Los Angeles police department, said the man who violated the law is being investigated for being in the territory rather than being in the territory for vandalism.
The label was not physically damaged; to change this, black tarpaulins were used, decorated with a peace sign and a heart, to turn the letters "O" into small letters e.
Mumbai attackers arrived by boat on November 26, 2008, bringing with them grenades and automatic weapons, and hit several targets, including the crowded Chhatrapati Shivaji Terminus railway station and the famous Taj Mahal Hotel.
David Headley's intelligence and data collection had contributed to the success of the operation of 10 shooters from the Pakistani militant group Laskhar-e-Taiba.
The attack created great tensions in relations between India and Pakistan.
In 2009, he was awarded the title of National Manager of the Year.
At the time of the award, great progress was noticeable in the results of tests in schools in Atlanta.
Soon, a report was published in the Atlanta Journal-Constitution newspaper, which highlighted the problems with the results of the experiment.
The report found that test scores had increased implausibly fast, and the school reportedly discovered internal problems but did not act on the findings.
Evidence then suggested that the tests had been falsified by Hall, along with 34 other education officials charged in 2013.
The trial took place at Crown Court in Birmingham and was over on August 3.
The presenter, who was arrested at the scene, denied the attack and claimed he used the mast to protect himself from the bottles with which about thirty people threw him.
Blake was also convicted of attempting to obstruct justice.
The judge told Blake that going to jail was almost inevitable.
The man allegedly drove a three-wheeled vehicle full of explosives into the crowd.
The man suspected of blowing up the bomb was arrested after being injured in the explosion.
His name is still unknown to the authorities, although they know that he is a member of a Uighur ethnic group.
The problem began on January 1, when dozens of local residents began complaining to the Obanazawa post office that they had not received their traditional and usual New Year's cards.
Yesterday, the post office apologized to citizens and the media after they discovered that the boy had hidden more than 600 postal documents, including 429 New Year's postcards that had not been sent to the intended recipients.
"Thank you to those who supported a convict like me," Siriporn was quoted as saying at a press conference.
Not everyone may agree with this, but I don't care.
I am happy that there are people who are willing to support me.
He said: "According to intelligence, there is no sign that an attack is expected soon.
Reducing the threat level to a serious level does not mean that the overall threat has disappeared."
While authorities are unsure of the credibility of the threat, the Maryland Department of Transportation ordered a closure at the request of the FBI.
Dump trucks were used to block the entrances to the tunnels, and 80 police officers helped steer vehicles to detours.
The roundabout surrounding the city, which is an alternative road to the city, reportedly had no heavy traffic.
The case was prosecuted in Virginia because it is home to AOL, the leading internet service provider that filed the charges.
This is the first time a conviction has been reached under a law enacted in 2003 to curb the unsolicited distribution of bulk email, or spam, to users' mailboxes.
The Animal Liberation Organisation and the Royal Society for the Protection of Animals (RSPCA) are again calling for the mandatory installation of CCTC cameras in all slaughterhouses in Australia.
David O'Shannessy, the RSPCA's inspector general for New South Wales, told the ABC that slaughterhouse inspections and inspections should be ubiquitous in Australia.
'''A surveillance camera would certainly make it clear to these people working with animals that animal welfare is a priority.''"
Karno is a well-known but controversial English teacher who taught at Modern Education and King's Glory and claimed to have 9000 students at the peak of his career.
In his remarks, he used words that some of his parents thought were gross, and he was said to be in class.
Modern education accused him of printing large advertisements on buses without authority and lying when he claimed that he was the main English teacher.
He has also been accused of copyright infringement in the past, but was not convicted.
According to the former student, he used slang in class, taught dating skills in notes, and was there for the students as a friend.
