The "Panama Papers" is an umbrella term covering approximately ten million documents from the Panamanian law firm Mossack Fonseca that were leaked to the media in the spring of 2016.
The documents revealed that fourteen banks helped wealthy clients hide billions of US dollars in assets to avoid taxes and other restrictions.
The British newspaper The Guardian suggested that Deutsche Bank managed just under a third of the 1,200 shell companies they used for this purpose.
Protests broke out all over the world, several prosecutions were carried out, and the leaders of the Icelandic and Pakistani governments resigned.
Iraq's Abu Ghraib prison went up in flames during riots.
The prison has been in disrepute since it was discovered that prisoners were being abused when US forces took over.
Piquet Jr. crashed at the 2008 Singapore Grand Prix, bringing the safety car onto the track just after Fernando Alonso made an unscheduled pit stop.
When the drivers in front of Alonso drove behind the safety car due to a fuel leak, he pushed his way to the front and won.
Piquet Jr. was banned after the 2009 Hungarian Grand Prix.
Over the past three months, more than 80 detainees have been released from the Central Booking building without being formally charged.
In April this year, Judge Glynn issued a temporary restraining order against the facility to force the release of those held in custody for more than 24 hours without being heard by a commissioner.
The commissioner sets bail, if granted, and formally confirms the charge filed by the arresting officer.The indictment is entered into the state's computer system, where the case can be tracked.
The hearing is also the date when the suspect can exercise the right to a speedy trial.
According to Ansa, “Police were concerned about the order killings of some important actors, which could ignite an open succession war.
Police said Lo Piccolo was in a stronger position as Provenzano's right-hand man in Palermo and his vast experience earned him the respect of the older generation of bosses who followed Provenzano's rule of staying as inconspicuous as possible while getting strongeryour network of power.
Provenzano took control of these bosses when, under Riina, he ended the war with the country that took the lives of mafia crusaders Giovanni Falcone and Paolo Borsellino in 1992."
Brazil is the largest Roman Catholic country on Earth, and the Roman Catholic Church has always opposed the legalization of same-sex marriage in the country.
Brazil's National Congress has debated legalization for 10 years, and such civil marriages are currently only allowed in Rio Grande do Sul.
The original draft of the law was prepared by the former mayor of Sao Paulo, Marta Suplicy.After the changes, the proposed legislation is now in the hands of Robert Jefferson.
Protesters hope to collect 1.2 million signatures on a petition to present to the National Congress in November.
After it became clear that many families were seeking legal help to fight evictions, a meeting for victims of housing fraud was held on March 20 at the East Bay Community Legal Center.
When the tenants began to talk about what had happened to them, most of the families involved suddenly realized that Carolyn Wilson of the Oakland Housing Authority had stolen their security deposits and fled the city.
Tenants believe 40 more families could face eviction after learning OHA police are investigating other public housing sites in Oakland that may be involved in housing fraud.
The band canceled their show at Maui's War Memorial Stadium, which was expected to be attended by 9,000 people, and apologized to fans.
The management company of the HK Management Inc. group.at first, she didn't give any reason when they canceled the show on September 20, and the next day they gave the excuse of logistics.
Famous Greek lawyers Sakis Kechagioglou and George Nikolakopoulos are incarcerated in Athens' Korydallus prison after being convicted of bribery and corruption.
This caused a major scandal within the Greek legal community, exposing illegal acts committed by judges, jurists, lawyers and advocates in previous years.
A few weeks ago, after the journalist Makis Triantafylopoulos published information in his popular TV show "Zoungla" on the Alpha TV channel, the MP and lawyer Petros Mantouvalos had to resign because members of his office were involved in abuse of office and corruption.
In addition, Judge Evangelos Kalousis is also in prison because he has been convicted of corruption and misconduct.
As Jeff Weis and three of the nine victims were laid to rest, word spread throughout the Red Lake community that another student had been arrested in connection with the March 21 school shooting.
The authorities only confirmed today's arrest, but did not make additional official statements.
A source with knowledge of the investigation told the Minneapolis Star-Tribune that it was Louis Jourdain, the 16-year-old son of Red Lake Tribal Chairman Floyd Jourdain.
It is not yet known what charges will be filed or what led authorities to the boy, but the juvenile's trial has already begun in federal court.
Christopher Garcia, a spokesman for the Los Angeles Police Department, said the alleged male offender is being investigated for trespassing, not vandalism.
The sign was not physically damaged;they redesigned it using black tarps emblazoned with peace and heart signs to turn the "O" into a small "e".
On November 26, 2008, the Mumbai attackers, who brought grenades and automatic weapons, arrived by boat and attacked several places, including the crowded Chhatrapati Shivaji Terminus railway station and the famous Taj Mahal hotel.
David Headly helped enable the operation by interrogating and gathering information for 10 gunmen from the Pakistani militant group Laskhar-e-Taiba.
The attack led to very tense relations between India and Pakistan.
In 2009, she was awarded the title of state inspector of the year.
At the time of the award, there was a marked improvement in test scores in Atlantic schools.
Soon after, the Atlanta Journal-Constitution published a report that highlighted problems with the test results.
The report showed that test scores improved incredibly quickly and suggested that the school had detected problems internally but failed to act on the findings.
The evidence then showed that there had been unauthorized handling of the examination poles.An indictment was filed against Hall and 34 other education officials in 2013.
The trial took place at Birmingham Crown Court and concluded on 3 August.
The presenter, who was arrested at the scene, denied the attack and claimed that he used a bicycle to defend himself against bottles thrown at him by around 30 people.
Blake was also convicted of attempting to influence the judicial process.
The judge told Blake he would "almost certainly" go to jail.
The man allegedly drove a three-wheeled vehicle loaded with explosives into a group of people.
A man suspected of detonating a bomb has been detained after being injured in the blast.
Authorities still do not know his name, but they do know he is a member of the Uyghur ethnic group.
The controversy began on January 1 when dozens of local residents complained to the post office in Obanazawa that they had not received their traditional and regular New Year cards.
Yesterday, the post office apologized to citizens and the media when it was discovered that the boy had hidden more than 600 postal documents, including 429 New Year's cards, which were not delivered to their recipients.
"Thank you to those who supported a convict like myself," Siriporn said at the press conference.
Some may disagree, but I don't care.
I am glad that some people are willing to support me.
She said: "There is no data to suggest that an attack is to be expected immediately.
A reduction in the level of threat to serious does not mean that the general threat is over."
Although authorities were unsure of the threat's veracity, the Maryland Transportation Authority ordered a shutdown at the behest of the FBI.
The entrances to the tunnel were blocked with tipper trucks, and 80 police officers came to help, directing drivers to detours.
There were no reports of delays due to heavy traffic on the ring road, which is the city's backup route.
The case was heard in Virginia, which is home to leading Internet service provider AOL, the company that filed the indictment.
This is the first conviction they have achieved under legislation passed in 2003 to curb the bulk emailing or spamming of unauthorized senders to users' mailboxes.
Animal Liberation and the Royal Society for the Prevention of Cruelty to Animals (RSPCA) are once again calling for mandatory surveillance cameras in Australian slaughterhouses.
RSPCA New South Wales Chief Inspector David O'Shannessy told the ABC that slaughterhouse control and inspection should be commonplace in Australia.
"CCTV would undoubtedly send a clear message to all those who work with animals that animal welfare is paramount."
Karno is a famously controversial English teacher who taught under the umbrella of Modern Education and King's Glory schools and claimed to have had 9,000 students at the height of his career.
In his notes, he used words that some parents found quite rude, and in class he was said to express himself in a vulgar manner.
He was accused by Modern Education of printing large advertisements on buses without permission and lying about being a head English teacher.
He was also previously accused of copyright infringement, but was not charged.
A former student said he "used slang in class, taught dating skills while texting, and was like a friend to the students."
