The "Panama Papers" is an umbrella term that includes approximately ten million documents from Panama law firm Mossack Fonseca leaked into the media in spring 2016.
The documents showed that fourteen banks helped wealthy clients hide billions of US dollars in assets to avoid taxes and other restrictions.
The British newspaper The Guardian hinted that Deutsche Bank operates just under a third of the 1200 shell companies used for this purpose.
Protests broke out around the world, several prosecutions were carried out, and the leaders of the Icelandic and Pakistani governments resigned.
Iraq's Abu Ghraib prison was caught in flames during riots.
The prison has been discredited since it was discovered that prisoners were being abused there when US forces took control.
Piquet Jr. crashed at the 2008 Singapore Grand Prix and hit the track with a safety car just after Fernando Alonso made an unscheduled pit stop.
When drivers drove behind a safety car in front of Alons to touch the fuel, it pushed itself to the forefront and won.
Piquet Jr. was expelled after the 2009 Hungarian Grand Prix.
Over the past three months, more than 80 arrested people have been released from Central Booking without being formally charged.
In April this year, Judge Glynn issued a temporary ban on approaching the facility to force the release of those detained in custody for more than 24 hours and not interrogated by the Commissioner.
The Commissioner shall designate bail, if granted, and formally confirm the charges brought by the police officer on arrest. The indictment is entered into the state computer system, where the case can be monitored.
The hearing is also the date when the suspect can exercise his or her right to a speedy trial.
According to Ansa, "police were concerned about the ordered murders of some important actors who could spark an open war of succession.
Police said Lo Piccolo was in a stronger position, as Provenzan's right hand was in Palermo, and thanks to great experience, he gained the respect of an older generation of bosses who followed Provenzan's rule that it should go as unnoticed as possible while strengthening his power network.
Provenzana took dominance over these bosses when, under Riina's leadership, he ended the war with the country, which in 1992 took the lives of the mafia crusaders Giovanni Falcone and Paolo Borsellin."
Brazil is the largest Roman Catholic country on Earth, and the Roman Catholic Church has always opposed the legalization of same-sex marriage in that country.
The National Congress of Brazil has shaken legalization for 10 years, and such civil marriages are currently only allowed in Rio Grande do Sul.
The original bill was drafted by former Mayor of São Paulo, Marta Suplicy. Following the amendments, the proposed legislation is now in the hands of Robert Jefferson.
The protesters hope to collect 1.2 million signatures of the petition, which will be presented to the National Congress in November.
After it became clear that many families were seeking legal assistance to combat forced evictions, a meeting for victims of housing fraud was held at the East Bay Community Law Center on March 20.
When the tenants started talking about what had happened to them, most of the families involved suddenly realized that Carolyn Wilson of the Oakland Housing Authority had stolen their bails and fled the city.
Tenants believe another 40 families could be threatened with the eviction since they learned that OHA police were also investigating other public housing in Oakland that could be implicated in housing fraud.
The group cancelled their performance at the War Memorial Stadium in Maui, which was reportedly visited by 9,000 people, apologizing to fans.
At first, the management company of the HK Management Inc. Group gave no reason when they cancelled the performance on September 20, and the next day they pronounced themselves for logistics.
Famous Greek lawyers Sakis Kechagioglou and George Nikolakopoulos are imprisoned in Korydallus prison of Athens for having been convicted of bribery and corruption.
This has led to a major scandal within the Greek legal community, highlighting the illegal acts committed by judges, lawyers, lawyers and advocates in previous years.
A few weeks ago, after journalist Makis Triantafylopoulos published the information on his popular TV show "Zoungla" on Alpha TV, MP and lawyer Petros Mantouvalos had to resign because members of his office were involved in abuse of office and corruption.
In addition, Judge Evangelos Kalousis is in prison for being convicted of corruption and misconduct.
During the funeral of Jeff Weis and three of the nine victims, news spread in the Red Lake community that another student had been arrested in connection with a school shooting on March 21.
The authorities only confirmed today's arrest, but did not make any additional official statements.
A source with information about the investigation, however, told Minneapolis Star-Tribune that Louis Jourdain, the 16-year-old son of Red Lake tribe president Floyd Jourdain.
At present, it is not yet known what charges will be made or what led the authorities to the boy, but the hearing of the minor in federal court has already begun.
Christopher Garcia, a spokesman for the Los Angeles Police Directorate, said the alleged male offender was under investigation for possession disturbance, not vandalism.
The character was not physically damaged; they transformed it with the help of black tarpaulins decorated with signs of peace and heart to turn "O" into a little "E".
Mumbai attackers, who brought grenades and automatic weapons with them, arrived by boat on November 26, 2008, attacking several places, including the crowded Chhatrapati Shivaji Terminus train station and the famous Taj Mahal Hotel.
David Headly helped enable the operation by inquiring and gathering information from Pakistan's Laskhar-e-Taiba militant group.
The attack led to very tense relations between India and Pakistan.
In 2009, she was awarded the title of State Inspector of the Year.
At the time of the award, great progress was noted in test results in Atlantic schools.
Shortly thereafter, the Atlanta Journal-constitution published a report highlighting problems with test results.
The report showed that test results improved incredibly quickly and assumed that the school had detected problems internally, but did not act on the findings.
The evidence then showed that there had been unauthorized handling of the examination papers. Hall and 34 other education officials were indicted in 2013.
The trial took place at the Royal Court of Birmingham and ended on 3 August.
The leader arrested at the scene denied the attack, claiming to have defended himself with a bicycle against bottles thrown into it by about 30 people.
Blake was also convicted of trying to influence the trial.
Judge told Blake he would have to go to jail "almost reliably."
The man was supposed to drive a three-wheeled vehicle loaded with explosive means into a cluster of people.
A man suspected of blowing up a bomb was detained after being injured in an explosion.
The authorities still do not know his name, but they know that he is a member of the Uighur ethnic group.
The controversy began on January 1, when dozens of local residents complained to the Obanazawa post office that they had not received their traditional and regular New Year's greeting cards.
Yesterday, citizens and the media apologized at the post office when they found out that the boy had hidden more than 600 postal documents, including 429 New Year's postcards that were not delivered to his recipients.
"Thank you to those who supported the convicted woman like myself," Siriporn said at a press conference.
Some may disagree, but I don't care.
I am glad that some people are willing to support me.
She said, "There is no data to suggest that an attack is expected immediately.
Lowering the threat level to serious does not mean that the overall threat is over."
Although authorities were unsure of the reality of the threat, the Maryland Transportation Authority ordered closure on the initiative of the FBI.
The tunnel entrances were blocked by dumper trucks, and 80 police officers came to the rescue to guide drivers on detours.
Delays due to heavy traffic on the ring road, which is the city's reserve route, have not been reported.
The case was handled in Virginia, as it is where leading Internet service provider AOL, the company that filed the indictment, is located.
This is the first conviction reached under legislation adopted in 2003 for limiting the mass sending of emails or spam by unauthorized senders to users' mailboxes.
Animal Liberation and the Royal Society for the Prevention of Cruelty to Animals (RSPCA) are once again calling for the mandatory installation of surveillance cameras in Australian slaughterhouses.
RSPCA New South Wales Chief Inspector David O'Shannessy told ABC that slaughterhouse control and inspection should be commonplace in Australia.
"The CCTV would undoubtedly send a clear message to all those dealing with animals that animal welfare is paramount."
Karno is a well-known controversial English teacher who taught under the auspices of Modern Education and King's Glory, claiming to have had 9,000 students at the peak of his career.
In his notes, he used words that some parents found rather rough, and in the class he was supposed to express himself grossly.
The Modern Education School accused him of printing large advertisements on buses and lying without permission to be the main English teacher.
Previously, he was also accused of copyright infringement, but was not charged.
A former student said he "used slang in classes, taught dating skills when writing messages, and was like a friend of students."
