Paul Oja: gloomy visions of the future in Tom Clancy's stump novels also talked about the pandemic
In the 1960s, Soviet science fiction gradually began to break itself out of the murky scrub of carving around purely technical trifles or fighting pests.
On the one hand, bright visions of a happy communist future for mankind began to be constructed (Ivan Yefremov's "Andromeda Nebula" 1957, Arkady and Boris Strugatsky's "Noon" 1962), on the other hand, western bigotry, or dystopias created under the conditions of rotting capitalism, about future wars, acts of terror or pandemics, were condemned.
Most of the time, they were still yelling, "In 2000...!"
So what is all and what will come... As we know, Soviet communism, along with its bright visions of the future, disappeared into the black hole of history even before that magical year number.
However, sharp-witted Western writers still offer food for thought with their work.
Tom Clancy, a skilled and prolific practitioner of teknotrillers, or technical stump literature, kept a close eye on world events.
In 1975, the Soviet missile carrier tried to escape from the port of Riga to Sweden, but was forced to stop 50 miles before the Swedish territorial waters.
In 1984, Clancy's thriller "The Hunt of Red October" was released, which may have received the initial impulse from this very event, and which became a worldwide bestseller.
"The Invisible Enemy" (Patriot Games, 1987) tells the story of the terrorist activities of the Irish Liberation Army.
"The Cardinal of the Kremlin" (The Cardinal of the Cremlin, 1988) illuminates Reagan's strategic defense initiative against the backdrop of the U.S.-N. Union arms race in space, a plot sideline to the N. Union's hopelessly unrugged war in Afghanistan.
"The Real Danger" (Clear and Present Danger, 1989) describes the war against drug barons in Colombian forests and washington offices, "The sum of all fears" (The Sum of All Fears, 1991) examines what would happen if Middle Eastern terrorists took possession of a nuclear charge.
Little by little, however, the temporal relationship between Tom Clancy and the material he considered began to change.
Closely following world developments made it possible to predict some knotty events – alas, in the form of black scenarios, which, sadly, had a tendency to change from an action story to a reality.
At the end of the novel Debt of Honor, a terrorist rams a large passenger plane into the White House just as a congressional session is held there with the participation of the president.
The novel was published in 1994; We are well aware of what happened on 9 September 2001.
All the threatening visions painted by Clancy have not come true.
The great war between China and Russia, described in the novel The Bear and the Dragon, published in 2000, has not taken place.
Yet?
Contrary to the opinion of Francis Fukuyama and the cry out of the prophet Priscilla's perestroika, history is by no means over...
In the novel Executive Orders, 1996, an attack on the US is carried out with a bacterial weapon, trying to achieve the collapse of the country with the help of an epidemic.
Thanks to general vaccination, the epidemic quickly goes out.
It's much easier to come up with a really working vaccine in the novel than in reality.
In the novel Rainbow Six, 1998, the danger is much more serious.
The top-notch scientist, while at the same time the head of one of the world's largest pharmaceutical groups, has gathered around him a group of poison-green like-minded people who are determined to destroy most of the world's population during the pandemic – to save the planet from the disastrous consequences of human activity.
On the basis of Ebola, a virus that is guaranteed to kill is being developed.
At the same time, two vaccines are being created.
Vaccine A really provides protection against the disease.
It is injected before the spread of the virus begins to like-minded people and otherwise reliable or necessary people.
Vaccine B, on the other hand, is meant to generally launch it into the market shortly after the outbreak of the pandemic.
He seems to provide some protection, but in fact it is intended to further spread the disease in order to definitely get close to the original goals.
The virus is planned to be spread through an air humidification system at australia's Olympics stadium in hot weather.
Brave fighters against terrorism from the group Rainbow, with the help of a former KGB officer, are caught in the arm at the last moment, humanity escapes from an evil disease, and life continues as before.
