Among the cars with the most rewinded mileage, elite German brands lead
Rewinding the mileage reading is one of the most common scams in the used car market.
In this way, the price of the used vehicle is increased by dishonest methods and the value of the car is violated.
A recent carVertical study found that buyers of elite German brands are at the greatest risk of buying a car with a modified odometer reading.
TOP 10 most often models with rewinded mileage: BMW M5 ranks first in the list
To find out the list of cars with the most rewinded mileage, IT company carVertical analyzed the history of more than 700,000 used cars from reports created between November 2020 and November 2021.
18 different markets were studied, including Poland, Romania, Hungary, France, Slovenia, Slovakia, the Czech Republic, Lithuania, Latvia, Estonia, Ukraine, Bulgaria, Serbia, Germany, Croatia, Russia, the United States and Italy.
Mileage data indicates that the BMW M5 is the car with the most modified odometer reading; More than a third of the vehicles used were involved in a possible fraud.
This separate statistical reading does not reflect the scale of the problem of rewinding the odometer of BMWs – as CarVertical's car expert Matas Buzelis recently pointed out, the whole list is dominated by different BMW models:
"Half of the TOP 10 list is occupied by cars of this manufacturer.
The indicator is correlated with the demand for used BMWs in different markets.
The data also shows that more expensive cars are more likely to have a modified mileage reading, and this fact must be taken into account when looking for a used vehicle.
That's where the car's mileage reading check wears off."
In second and third place in the ranking of cars with rewinded mileage, the BMW 7 Series and Subaru Outback are with 33.4 and 31.8 percent, respectively.
The Audi A8 was the fifth most commonly mileage fraudulent car, as its sportier brother, the A7, finished tenth, with just over a quarter (25.8 percent) of such vehicles having artificially reduced mileage, according to the study.
Matas Buzelis explains that the more frequent presence of higher-end vehicles in the list of vehicles with a modified odometer reading is primarily due to the greater possible difference in the sale of such used cars.
Rewinding the odometer is a relatively inexpensive and simple method that gives dishonest car dealers the opportunity to earn extra.
A longer list of the 20 most frequently rewinded cars with mileage can be found in a whole study.
Car models with the most rewinded mileage readings by year of production: older cars are more at risk of fraud
Studies show that when buying a used car, it is important to check the mileage of the car, especially for older vehicles.
The most popular models with a modified odometer reading were produced from 2006 to 2016.
However, car expert Matas Buzelis emphasizes that there is a connection between the possibility of fraud and the price range of the car:
"The list of cars with the most frequently rewinded mileage readings consists mainly of elite class vehicles, but there are also folk car models, although their share is less than the total number of cars with modified mileage.
Subaru, Ford and Volkswagen cars belong to the same age group as higher-class vehicles.
It seems that the mileages of cars aged 5 to 15 years are most likely to be rewinded.
