Chinese company: Parliament passes discriminatory and anti-competitive law
Chinese tech company Huawei makes no secret of the fact that it doesn't like the electronic communications law passed by the State Assembly yesterday – it leaves the executive with the option of discriminating against entrepreneurs purely on the basis of what is their head office in the country.
"Based on the law, it can be assumed that obtaining a permit for use on the hardware and software of a manufacturer from a country outside the European Union, NATO or OECD may be significantly more difficult than in the case of a manufacturer headquartered in a member state of the aforementioned organizations," said Ben Chang Bin, head of Huawei Technologies Estonia.
According to Huawei's statement, the expected linking of a manufacturer of hardware and software used in a communications network to a specific country is not justified because all large companies operate internationally and their supply chains are similar to each other.
The security of the technology, according to the company, can also be ensured "through transparent and proportionate measures, avoiding unjustified discrimination against market participants and without harming competition."
According to the new version of the Electronic Communications Act, the Building Code and the State Fees Act, the government has the right to impose an obligation on a telecommunications operator to apply for a permit to use the hardware and software of a communication network in order to ensure national security.
This authorisation is also granted through the security agencies.
Hardware and software will be banned in cases where the list is so long that there is probably no country or manufacturer in the whole world that can meet the requirements set by Estonia.
It is enough, for example, for a company to have supply difficulties, have a cyberattack from its parent country, or have a history of security vulnerabilities in a product.
The manufacturer is located or has its head office in a country that is not a member of the European Union, NATO or the OECD.
The country in which the producer is established does not respect the principles of democratic rule of law or human rights.
The manufacturer's country of establishment does not protect the intellectual property, personal data or trade secrets of persons from another country
The country where the manufacturer is located behaves aggressively in cyberspace.
The country where the manufacturer is based has been attributed to cyberattacks by EU, NATO or OECD member states.
The manufacturer shall be subject to the government or state authority of the country of residence or of another foreign country without independent judicial review.
The country where the manufacturer is established or another foreign country may oblige him to act in a manner that threatens the security of the Estonian state.
The producer's economic activity is not based on market-based competition or insufficient conditions have been created in the country of establishment.
There is a lack of transparency in the ownership structure, organisational structure or management structure of the producer.
The financing of the manufacturer is not transparent.
The manufacturer's products or services contain security vulnerabilities and adequate security measures have not been taken to eliminate them.
The manufacturer is consistently unable to guarantee the supply of products or services, except for reasons of force majeure.
Following the decision of the Riigikogu, Estonia can now finally announce the auction of 5G frequencies for telecom companies.
Estonia ranks last in the European Union in terms of 5G deployment.
