Prosecutor on the case of the man who stabbed the woman to death: she regretted her act and voluntarily sought help
We wrote on Wednesday about an incident in which Kiuri, who abused a woman and caused her death out of negligence, was sentenced to two years in prison with three years and three months of probation.
That is, behind bars, as of now, the man had to spend only two days.
District Attorney Kelly Gravel Hill said such a sentence was justified because Kiur regretted the act and voluntarily sought help for his problems.
We publish the prosecutor's comment.
"The evidence gathered during the pre-trial investigation established that Kiur punched the woman in the face once and the victim's death came about two days later.
The evidence confirms that immediately after the blow and the next two days, the woman communicated with Kiuri.
The woman left the apartment the next day, moved around and, according to Kiuri's testimony, she did not understand that the woman may have suffered damage to her health, which could be dangerous and require medical intervention.
Judging by the whole event, this is vitally plausible, because as an alcohol abuser, a woman could also normally move with certain coordination disorders.
Also, the victim was not bloody after the blow and did not complain about anything unusual.
Thus, we did not identify the intent to kill, and the evidence did not indicate a desire to cause life-threatening bodily harm.
Kiuri has no valid criminal penalties.
He acknowledged hitting the victim and regretted his act and the fact that he did not understand the need to call an ambulance.
She voluntarily sought help for her alcohol problem and she goes to work.
In view of all these circumstances, but above all the specific act and the man's past conduct, the prosecution asked for a sentence of two years' imprisonment, which will not be enforced unless Kiur commits a new crime during an even longer probationary period of three years and three months.
Probation is the period when a person must prove that he will live in a law-abiding way in the future, which is one of the purposes of punishment.
This solution was agreed by all parties, including the victim's mother, who also said in her testimony that she did not believe Kiur wanted the woman's death."
