Singer Jessie J lost a child: I have no control over my emotions
The well-known musician recently broke up with his sweetheart, Max Pham, but decided to carry on until the end of pregnancy and raise their joint child as a single mother.
Alas, however, doctors were unable to detect the baby's heartbeat during a recent review, Jessie J revealed in a post on Instagram.
"Yesterday morning I laughed with a friend, asking her, 'Seriously, how can I do a performance in LA tomorrow night without telling the whole audience I'm pregnant?'," the singer wrote.
"For lunch, though, I struggled with the idea of how I'd cope with this performance without collapsing.
During the third inspection of pregnancy, I was told that the baby's heart was no longer beating.
This morning.
I feel like I have no control over my emotions.
I may regret making this post later.
I don't really know."
Despite the fact that she is in deep grief at the moment, she has decided to make the performance in Los Angeles, believing it will help her.
"I want to sing tonight.
Not because I'm avoiding mourning or this whole process, but because I know singing tonight will help me," she said.
"I've only done two concerts in two years and my soul needs it.
Today more than before.
I know that some people say that I should cancel it, but at the moment one thing is clear to me.
I started singing when I was young because it makes me happy, fills my soul and acts as therapy.
It hasn't changed and I have to go through things that way."
Jessie J revealed that she decided to raise the child alone because she was looking forward to becoming a mother.
She knows that life is short and getting pregnant was a miracle and an experience she will never forget.
She hopes that she will manage to get pregnant again in the future, but for now she is still in shock and extremely sad.
"But I know I'm strong and I know everything will be fine," he added.
"I also know that millions of women around the world have felt this pain and worse."
