European Commission: vaccination certificates are valid for 9 months when travelling, indefinitely after a booster dose
The European Commission has just proposed to Member States to set deadlines for the validity of vaccination certificates for travellers between European Union countries.
According to the proposal, the standard period of validity of the vaccination certificate issued after the initial vaccination cycle should be at least 9 months.
This means that when checking passengers, Member States should not refuse to recognise a vaccination certificate confirming that less than 9 months have passed since the last dose of the initial vaccination was administered.
As far as booster doses are concerned, according to the Commission's proposal, the 9-month validity period should not apply to certificates issued after the booster dose.
This means that, at least initially, the certificates obtained after the booster dose should be valid indefinitely.
"It is possible that protection will last longer after the booster dose than after the initial vaccination, which is why the Commission is closely monitoring new scientific data on this issue.
On this basis, the Commission may propose at a later stage to establish an appropriate period of validity also for vaccination certificates issued after the booster dose," the Commission noted.
In order to give sufficient time to implement the new arrangements, the Commission proposes to start applying the updates from 10 January 2022.
Commissioner for Justice Didier Reynders stated at today's press conference that only vaccines approved by the European Medicines Agency are accepted, so certificates issued in Hungary, for example, where people have been given Russian Sputnik or Chinese vaccines, do not apply.
More than 650 million vaccination certificates have been issued in the EU to date.
The Commission further considered that a person holding a valid EU Digital COVID Certificate should not, as a general rule, be subject to testing, quarantine or other additional restrictions, regardless of the region from which EU he or she arrives.
People who do not have an EU Digital COVID Certificate could be allowed to travel on the basis of a test carried out before or after arrival.
The EU traffic light map will be updated as follows: the indicator of new cases will be viewed in conjunction with the vaccination rate in the region.
No restrictions should apply to travellers arriving from green areas.
Conversely, in the case of dark red areas, given the large number of infected people, it should be recommended to refrain from travelling in one direction or the other, and travelers who have not been vaccinated or recovered from the disease should be required to be tested and quarantined.
The exceptions should apply to cross-border commuters, children under the age of 12 and people with unavoidable need to travel.
In the Commission's view, the list of people with unavoidable travel needs should be limited, as many of the travellers currently on the list have had the opportunity to get vaccinated in the meantime.
