Estonia's "openness" is also exploited by Latin American prostitutes and illegals
"Openness" has also made Estonia a centre of attraction for representatives of the dark side.
BNS writes: Police on Wednesday expelled a Brazilian woman who worked as a prostitute in the capital.
According to the Northern Prefecture of the Police and Border Guard Board, on Wednesday, November 24, the visa-free stay in Estonia of a 29-year-old woman, who is a Brazilian citizen, was prematurely terminated because she was providing sexual services in Tallinn for money.
The woman was ordered to leave Estonia and refused entry to the Schengen territory for one year.
This isn't the first time.
Police expelled a woman of Columbian nationality from the country in July this year who worked as a prostitute in Estonia.
At that time, the Northern Prefecture was conducting illegal proceedings against a Colombian woman born in 1988 who arrived in Estonia with the aim of providing intimate services.
The woman was ordered to leave the country and was denied entry for three years.
In December 2019, the New News portal wrote: "The police expelled a man of Brazilian nationality who worked as a prostitute in Tallinn.
On Thursday, an employee of the Northern Border and Migration Surveillance Service conducted an illegal procedure against a Brazilian citizen born in 1998, the Northern Prefecture reported.
The man did not want to cooperate with police officers, and in addition, he had provided sexual services in Tallinn for money.
The man's travel goal did not correspond to the actual goal.
The police terminated the man's visa-free stay prematurely, he was ordered to leave Estonia and refused entry for three years."
Latin Americans have also been found in Estonia following other paths.
In August this year, Delfi Ärileht wrote: "On the evening of August 4, a Toyota Yaris with an Estonian registration plate, driven by a Brazilian woman born in 1993, was inspected in Tallinn.
The woman turned out to be a food courier without a work permit, who is deported from Estonia.
There was a courier company's grocery bag in the vehicle, and the woman's phone showed that she had fulfilled the last order less than 10 minutes ago.
The person's short-term employment was not registered with the PBGB.
The woman's visa was revoked and her visa-free stay in Estonia was shortened once.
The woman was ordered to leave Estonia within 15 days and was refused entry for 3 months."
