New and "truly terrible" coronavirus variant B.1.1.529 identified in Botswana
A new variant of the coronavirus, B.1.1.529, with as many as 32 spike protein mutations, has been identified in Botswana, and it is not yet known whether the antibodies available in humans will be able to respond effectively to it.
So far, only a handful of infections with this variant have been recorded as a result of sequencing - three in Botswana, six in South Africa and one in Hong Kong.
So scientists hope that covid cases caused by the new variant of the virus will not be widespread, I write in Sky News.
Tom Peacock, a virologist at Imperial College London, called the abundance of mutations discovered on the variant "truly terrible":
Spike proteins are what viruses use to enter human cells, and the principle of operation of most vaccines is to train the human body to recognize and neutralize them.
Therefore, mutations in the spike protein can be problematic for mRNA vaccines.
Francois Balloux, a professor at the University of London, said the new variant should be carefully monitored and its spread analyzed.
"But there is no reason to worry too much unless its incidence rises in the near future," he said.
The professor added that the abundance of mutations in B.1.1.529 may be due to the fact that it "developed during the chronic illness of an immunocompromised person, possibly in an untreated HIV/AIDS patient."
The first cases of infection with this variant were identified in Botswana on November 11 and in South Africa three days later.
A 36-year-old man was found in Hong Kong who had a negative PCR test before flying from Hong Kong to South Africa, where he stayed from October 22 to November 11.
He tested negative when he returned to Hong Kong, but on November 13, the test result was already positive.
The Guardian writes that some South African virologists are already concerned, especially given the recent surge in the number of cases in Gauteng, where B.1.1.529 cases have been detected.
Ravi Gupta, a professor of clinical microbiology at the University of Cambridge, told the publication that her lab found that two mutations in B.1.1.529 increased the infectivity of the virus and reduced virus recognition by antibodies.
