Twenty-seven migrants killed in the English Channel were immediately thrown into a propaganda mill
The deaths of twenty-seven migrants in the English Channel in the autumn are undoubtedly a great tragedy, but the liberal West immediately plunged it into its propaganda, largely to justify its inaction.
The most Pharisee move came from France, whose President Emmanuel Macron on Thursday warned British Prime Minister Boris Johnson against exploiting the migration crisis for political purposes, citing a boat crash in the English Channel that claimed the lives of 27 people.
Before that, however, French President Emmanuel Macron and British Prime Minister Boris Johnson agreed in a phone conversation on Wednesday to step up action against deadly sea crossings.
"Both leaders were clear that today's tragic loss of life was a stark reminder of the importance of keeping all options on the table to stop these lethal sea crossings and break the business model of the criminal gangs behind them," a British government spokesman said.
Britain is the country to which these people aspire, and France is a transit country from which they all rush unhindered and where they live in tent tents waiting for traffickers – Paris should have all the levers in its hands to prevent migrants from already using the country as a jumping block, let alone blocking the English Channel for human trafficking.
The British do not want them, the French do not – what are the obstacles to closing the route?
Five people have been arrested in connection with the sinking of a migrant boat that claimed the lives of at least 27 people in the English Channel on Wednesday, French Interior Minister Gerald Darmanin said Thursday.
Lille's prosecutor said 17 men, seven women and three minors died in a sunken boat off France's northern coast on Wednesday.
Four suspected smugglers were arrested as early as Wednesday afternoon, Darmanin said.
The French authorities did not spare words to express their alleged indignation, while traffickers would not be able to act with the support of the state – and this support comes both from maintaining the Ma Channel migration route (which could be shut down) and from creating favourable ground for human trafficking by allowing mass migration as a national policy.
President Emmanuel Macron said Wednesday night that France would not allow the English Channel to become a "graveyard" and promised that the authorities would find those responsible for the tragedy.
French prosecutors opened a murder investigation.
The president does not consider himself to be the culprit, although it is during his reign that France has flowed full of migrants.
French Interior Minister Gerald Darmian called for a "tough international response."
He said four people suspected of being directly involved in the incident have been arrested.
"The criminal nature of the smugglers who carry out these crossings cannot be adequately condemned," he added.
"This disaster in the strait is a tragedy," Prime Minister Jean Castex tweeted.
"My thoughts are with the missing and the victims who fell victim to criminal smugglers abusing their misery and misery."
The Pharisee tales of French authorities do not prevent human trafficking and drowning deaths.
