On the sad fate of John Crow: was it a suicide or was he eliminated from life?
Did John Crow shoot himself mainly because he was more smitten than death?
Or was he forced or intimidated to commit suicide?
Or was eliminated from life on the grounds that he resisted not physically, but mentally...
In his last piece of writing, Peeter Olesk discusses the life and death of Vares-Barbarus.
When John Crow was found early in the morning, Johannes Barbarus as poet (Jan. 12. 1890-Nov. 29. 1946) dead from the bathroom of his Kadriorg office apartment, then, of course, he did not drive his beard with a pocket knife, but probably with a razor blade, some kind of cream and foam brush.
It couldn't have been hard or painful to have this morning toilet, for he probably drove his beard every day, but of course he had several kinds of cologne waters in the mirror, and fluids to remove the bloody traces of the incision.
The question is whether he wrote the two pre-mortem letters ready before going in front of the mirror or after, his chin already shaved.
The answer to the question posed would help us explain what time John Crow went to sleep on the morning of the day of his death, how much time he had to write farewell letters, and where he did it.
A desk, white sheets of paper, an ink pot and a pen are not common things in the bathroom!
It takes about an hour to write two rather long and at the same time extremely personal letters.
It may have taken twenty minutes to shave, brush his teeth, and rinse the mouth cavity, but what John Crow could not know was the length of time after which he would have been searched and who would find his body first.
Given these circumstances, I am inclined to think that the farewell letters were ready earlier than death came, no later than the evening of the previous day.
Consequently, they were written consciously, not affectively.
According to Nigol Andresen's oral report, Johannes Crow did not want to live as an invalid at the end of his life.
From this one could conclude that he knew the course of his illness.
However, the word 'disabled' may not mean an externally noticeable disability, it may also mean loss of capacity for work or dismissal for health reasons as an excuse.
