Supreme Court justice: the government's general orders cannot be so extensive
The government's general orders, which have imposed various restrictions and rules during the coronavirus pandemic, should be of a more limited scope, said Supreme Court Justice Ivo Pilving.
"We referred to one border and the Tallinn District Court has already referred to it, that the general orders of governments – with which all the requirements for a corona passport have been established today – that their limit must end once and for all.
For the essence of the general order is also that its legal sphere of action must nevertheless be somehow limited.
He cannot be as general as one law.
And if he's not restricted in any other way, like for a certain group of people or something like that, then he has to be limited in time," Pilving, the president of the Supreme Court's administrative division, told a news conference Thursday.
"You can't take a position now on whether that time has already passed today or whether it will pass tomorrow or the day after tomorrow - that's what these disputes are already in the courts for, and the truth will be revealed there.
But then there is also a limit to the government's use of this instrument, and here the criticism of the complainants is also to some extent correct, that the legislature cannot really distance itself from these issues either," Pilving continued.
The general order of the government is a special type of administrative act, by which the restrictions imposed can be challenged in court only by each person individually, and the corresponding court decision does not extend to all objects of the restriction, but only to the person who challenged it.
The widespread use of general orders has been criticised by former Chancellor of Justice Allar Jõks.
The Supreme Court justice, meanwhile, emphasized that the dispute over which the Supreme Court made its decision public on Thursday is different.
"It's about one – very special, but still one institution, the defence forces – and there's a bit of a looser rule of law frame, because it's not about everyone.
This concerns Estonian men and women working in the Defence Forces, and the head of the respective institution may, according to today's understanding, impose requirements on the basis of the Occupational Health and Safety Act," said Pilving.
He explained that the Supreme Court's current practice suggests that the more extensive, deeper, more intense a restriction or obligation, the more work parliament has to do with it.
"To the point where some of the obligations are those that need to be definitively regulated by law," the Supreme Court justice said.
"But the other way around, the issue of vaccination and the pandemic, which goes in waves and where a rapid response is needed, then again, it speaks in favor of the decision-making power of the executive and in favor of the decision-making power of the government.
And also when we talk about agencies and the [requirements] of the people who work in them, there is room for the orders of the heads of those agencies, according to today's Supreme Court understanding, if the circumstances are there," he added.
