Migratory pressures are intensifying: Finnish entrepreneurs in Estonia have also complained and threatened with tax increases
It is sad when Finns have been put at the rupee of the Reform Party's immigration plans, complaining that Estonia lacks labour, while Estonians work for their northern neighbours – let them bring Estonians back home, to Finnish companies here.
The media, on the other hand, are buzzing about labour shortages every day, which is probably a new propaganda campaign to accustom people to immigration.
This is how BNS writes: At the meeting of the Finnish-Estonian Chamber of Commerce on Tuesday, foreign entrepreneurs operating in Estonia saw labour shortages as the biggest shortcoming in the Estonian economic environment.
"Estonian and Finnish companies have a common problem, where in a country with an ageing population, there is an increasing shortage of skilled labour," said Andres Sutt, Minister of Entrepreneurship and Information Technology, who attended the meeting, via a press release.
"At the same time, we see as a similar solution on both sides of the shore that recruiting skilled workers from abroad that share our common values and ensuring tax compliance is the only solution to the growing skilled labour crisis in the short term," he added.
Andres Sutt could look more closely at Finland – they solve labour problems with the help of Somalis and other Moorish "skilled workers" – and say whether the Reform Party also sees a way out of them.
The minister also does not want to pick up on the topic that behind the talk "Estonian and Finnish companies have a common problem" are Estonians who emigrated during the previous rule of the Squirrel Party.
This story is illustrated by the threat: "According to the Ministry of Economic Affairs and Communications (MKM), in five years' time there will be approximately 31,000 fewer people of working age in Estonia, and an alternative to increasing the state's income base would be to increase taxes."
In other words, there is a fear that if there is no agreement with strangers, taxes will go up and you will not receive a pension.
However, it is "forgotten" that foreign workers are undercutting the wages of Estonian people.
In the meantime, such threats had subsided, but only a few years ago it was written about how in 2040 tens of thousands of workers in construction, agriculture and elsewhere would be missing – as if there were no technological progress in 20 years, and even in the aforementioned year, everyone would do the work manually.
