During the 60s of the 20th century, Brzezinski worked for John F. Kennedy as his adviser and then for the administration of Lyndon B. Johnson.
During the 1976 selections, he advised Carter on foreign policy, then served as National Security Adviser (NSA) from 1977 to 1981, replacing Henry Kissinger.
At the NSA, he assisted Carter in diplomatic solutions to world affairs such as the Camp David Accords (1978); normalization of relations between the US and China in the late 70s; the Iranian Revolution that led to the taking of American hostages in Iran (1979); and the Soviet invasion of Afghanistan (1979).
On Sunday, U.S. President Donald Trump announced in a statement issued through a press secretary that U.S. troops would withdraw from Syria.
The announcement came after Trump had a phone call with Turkish President Recep Tayyip Erdoğan.
Turkey will also take over the security of captured ISIS fighters who have been refused repatriation by European nations, according to a statement.
A car bomb that exploded near police headquarters in Gaziantep, Turkey, yesterday morning, killed two police officers and injured more than 20 others.
The governor's office said nineteen of the injured were police officers.
Police said they suspected an alleged Islamic State fighter of committing the attack.
In France, voting traditionally takes place without modern technology: voters isolate themselves in a locker room and put a pre-printed sheet of paper in an envelope, listing the candidate they have elected.
After officials verify the identity of the voter, the voter throws an envelope into the ballot box and signs the electoral roll.
The French electoral law contains quite a strict codification of the electoral process.
Since 1988, ballot boxes have been transparent so that voters and observers can testify that there were no envelopes before voting began and that no envelopes other than those placed by counted and eligible voters were added.
Candidates can send representatives, who then witness the process. In the evening, the votes are counted by volunteers under strict supervision and according to specific procedures.
I don't know if you realize it or not, but most of the goods from Central America came to this country duty-free.
Yet eighty percent of our goods were taxed through customs duties in Central American countries. We will take care of you.
It didn't make sense to me, it certainly wasn't fair.
I tell people that you treat us the way we treat you.
California Governor Arnold Schwarzenegger has signed a bill prohibiting the sale or lending of violent video games to minors.
The bill requires violent video games sold in the state of California to be marked with a "18" sticker and that their sale to minors be punishable by a $1,000 fine for each offense.
Cuomo, 53, began his tenure as governor earlier this year and last month signed a bill legalizing same-sex marriage.
He called the rumors "political chatter and recklessness."
There is speculation that he will run for president in 2016.
