Brzezinski worked as a counselor in John F. Kennedy in the 1960s and then at Lyndon B. Johnson's administration.
In the 1976 elections, he advised Carter in foreign policy, then served as National Security Advisor (NSA) from 1977 to 1981, taking over Henry Kissinger's post.
As a nsa, he helped Carter diplomatically addressed world policy, Camp David's treaty in 1978;US-China relationships towards the late 1970s;Iran's revolution, which developed into an Iran hostage crisis in 1979;and the Soviet invasion of Afghanistan in 1979.
On Sunday evening, US President Donald Trump announced in a statement made by the press secretary that US troops would leave Syria.
The announcement was published after Trump and Turkish President Recep Tayyip Erdoğan.
According to the statement, Turkey will also take over the guarding of ISIS fighters, whose home country has refused to return to their homeland.
Yesterday morning, a detonated car bomb in the Gaziantep Police headquarters in Turkey killed two police officers and injured even more than twenty people.
The government announced that nineteen of the injured were police officers.
According to police, they suspect that the alleged Daesh (ISIL) fighter is responsible for the attack.
In France, the selection has traditionally been a technology -free experience: voters are insulating themselves in the cab, putting out a pre -printed paper in the envelope, which has the name of the selected candidate.
After the officials confirm the voter, the voter throws the envelope in the ballot box and writes his signature on the voter list.
The procedural rules of the French Election Act are quite strictly formulated in the law.
Since 1988, the voting boxes must be transparent so that voters and followers can witness that there are no envelopes in the box at the beginning of the voting and there are no envelopes other than those that are properly taken into account and added to voters.
Candidates may send representatives to monitor each part of the process.In the evening, volunteers under strict supervision read the votes who follow specific instructions.
I don't know if you understand it or not, but most of the goods from Central America came to this country without duty.
However, 80% of our goods were taxed in the Central American countries with tariffs.We treat you.
It didn't seem logical to me;Certainly it was not fair.
I only tell people that, as you treat us, we will treat us.
California governor Arnold Schwarzenegger signed a bill as a law that prohibits the sale or lease of violent video games to minors.
The bill requires that video games sold in the state of California have a "18" label and their sale to a minor would be punishable by a $ 1,000 fine violation.
Cuomo, 53, became governor earlier this year and signed last month to the Legalization of Samo Marriage.
He called the rumors a politician and stupidity.
It is speculated that he will run for the 2016 presidential election.
