Brzezinski was an advisor to John F. Kennedy in the 1960s and later part of the Lyndon B. Johnson.
He advised Carter on foreign policy during the 1976 election and then served as National Security Adviser (NSA) from 1977 to 1981, succeeding Henry Kissinger.
As National Security Adviser, he assisted Carter on global diplomatic matters, such as the Camp David Accords in 1978; the normalisation of US-China relations in the late 1970s, the Iranian Revolution leading to the Iranian hostage crisis in 1979, and the Soviet invasion of Afghanistan in 1979.
Late on Monday, US President Donald Trump announced that the US military would be leaving Syria in a statement relayed through a spokesman.
The announcement came after Trump's telephone conversation with Turkish President Recep Tayyip Erdoğan.
Turkey would also take custody of captured ISIS fighters who, so the statement said, European nations refuse to repatriate.
A car bomb exploded yesterday at a police station in Gaziantep, Turkey, killing two policemen and injuring more than twenty others.
The Governor's Office reported that nineteen of the injured were police officers.
Police said they suspect an alleged member of the Islamic State (ISIL) in the attack.
In France, elections have always been low-tech: voters hide in individual booths and insert a pre-printed sheet of paper with their choice marked into an envelope.
Once the officials have confirmed the identity of the voter, he or she deposits the envelope in the ballot box and signs the electoral roll.
French electoral law is quite strict on this procedure.
Since 1988, ballot boxes must be transparent so that voters and observers can see that no envelope is inside them at the start of the poll and that no envelopes have been added other than those submitted by duly registered and authorised voters.
Candidates may send representatives to observe all parts of the procedure. In the evening, volunteers count the votes under strict supervision, following certain procedures.
I do not know if you are aware of this, but most of the goods from Central America come into this country duty-free.
Yet eighty per cent of our goods have been subject to duties in Central American countries.
That did not make sense to me, and it was certainly not fair.
All I say to people is, treat us the way we treat you.
California Governor Arnold Schwarzenegger has signed a law banning minors from buying or renting violent video games.
Under this bill, violent video games sold in the state of California must be labelled '18' and their sale to minors would be punishable by a fine of USD 1 000.
Cuomo, 53, took office as governor earlier this year and last month supported a bill to legalise same-sex marriage.
He described the rumours as "political gossip and nonsense".
He is expected to run for President in 2016.
