Brzezinski was an advisor to John F. Kennedy in the 60s and later part of the administration of Lyndon B. Johnson.
During the 1976 election, he advised Carter on foreign policy, then served as National Security Adviser (NSA) from 1977 to 1981, succeeding Henry Kissinger.
As a State Security Adviser, he assisted Carter in global diplomatic affairs, such as the 1978 Camp David Agreement; normalizing US-Chinese relations in the late seventies of the 20th century, the Iranian revolution leading to the 1979 Iranian hostage crisis, and the Soviet invasion of Afghanistan in 1979.
Late Monday, US President Donald Trump announced in a statement he delivered through a spokesperson that the US military would leave Syria.
The announcement comes after Trump's phone call with Turkish President Recep Tayyip Erdoğan.
Turkey would also take over the guard of captured ISIS fighters, who, according to the statement, are refused to repatriate by the peoples of Europe.
The car bomb, which was blown up yesterday at a police station in Gaziantep, Turkey, killed two police officers and injured more than twenty other people.
The governor's office said there were nineteen wounded police officers.
Police said the attack was suspected of being suspected of an Islamic State (ISIL) officer.
In France, elections have always been low-tech: voters hide in individual booths and insert a pre-printed sheet of paper with the choice marked in the envelope.
Once the voter has been confirmed by officials, the envelope shall be placed in the ballot box and signed on the electoral roll.
French electoral law provides for this procedure quite strictly.
Since 1988, ballot boxes have had to be transparent so that voters and observers can see that there is no envelope in them at the start of the election and that no envelope other than those submitted by duly entered and authorised voters has been added.
Candidates may send representatives to observe all stages of the procedure. In the evening, volunteers count votes under strict supervision, observing certain procedures.
I don't know if you are aware of this, but most goods from Central America came to this country duty-free.
Yet eighty percent of our goods were subject to duties in Central American countries. We treat you.
This did not make sense for me, but it was certainly not fair.
All I tell people is treat us the way we treat you.
California Governor Arnold Schwarzenegger has signed a law prohibiting minors from buying or renting violent video games.
Under this bill, violent video games sold in the state of California must be marked with a "18" label and their sale to minors would be fined $1,000.
Cuomo, 53, took office as governor earlier this year, and last month he supported the law to legalize same-sex marriage.
He described rumors as "political gossip and stupidity."
He is projected to run for president in 2016.
